さあ、張り切ってご奉仕します。しかも二人で……最高でしょう？=Now then, you'll get a show worthy of a king. By two girls to boot... Isn't this the best?
いっぱいしゃぶってあげますね……できれば一人でお相手したいところですが=I'll lick it lots for you... Though I'd prefer to do it by myself if I could.
二人で一本のおちんちんを奉仕する……これ、わりと興奮しますね=The two of us will service your rod of a dick... This is quite exciting in its own way, isn't it?
私一人でも、最高の奉仕を見せてあげられるんですがね=I could show you a great time just by myself as well, for the record.
しっかりと可愛がってみせます。二人がガリでね=We'll properly show our love to it, the two of us.
私達で奉仕するんですよ、気持ちよくないわけがありませんよね=We're doing our best to serve you, there's no way this doesn't feel good.
私と彼女……どちらが気持ちいですか？=Me or her... which of us feels better?
根本までむしゃぶり付きたい気分です……まあ我慢しますけど=I want to suck on it down to its base... Well, I'll endure it for now.
さあ、いっぱい感じて下さい……主に、私の舌をね=Now then, feel lots of pleasure... Mostly from my tongue, okay?
二人で奉仕……ああ、このもどかしさが楽しいですね=Servicing you together... Aah, this tantalizing feeling, it's fun, isn't it?
こんなに大きくなっています……よっぽど気持ちいいんですね=It's getting so big... It feels just that good, huh?
一人の方が舐めやすいでしね……あ、いえ、独り言です=It'd be easier to lick it by myself too... Ah, no, I was just talking to myself.
涎まみれですね……ふふ、いやらしいおちんちん=It's covered with drool... Fufu, what an obscene dick.
一人よりも二人の方がいいですか？　いえ、答えなくていいです……おちんぽが反応してます=Is it better with the two of us at once? No, you don't need to say anything... Your dick is reacting on its own.
私も、できるだけのことはしますよ……ほら、どうです？　これ=I'll do as much as I can too... Look, how's this?
気持ちいいんでしょう？　顔みればわかります=It feels good, doesn't it? I can tell from your face.
激しい方がいいんですね？　なんとかお手伝いしてみます=You like it hard, don't you? I'll try my best to lend a hand.
ああ、涎が……こんなに……他人の涎まみれのおちんちん……少しムラムラします=Aah, drool... so much of it... your dick covered in someone else's drool... I feel a bit itchy down there.
耐えてますね……我慢なんてしなくていいのに=I'll put up with it... even though I don't have to.
ドピュドピュが楽しみです……さあ、出して下さい=I'm looking forward to the gusher... Now then, shoot it out.
そろそろですね……舌先で、精液の予兆を感じます=Almost there, aren't you... I can taste the foreteller of your semen, with the tip of my tongue.
さあ、どう射精するつもりですか？　楽しみにしていますよ=Now then, how do you plan on doing it? I'm looking forward to it.
ふふ、無様なほど震えています。そろそろ射精ですね=Fufu, it's twitching in such an unsightly way. You're almost about to ejaculate, aren't you?
血管がこんなにクッキリ……いつイッておかしくなさそうです=The blood vessals on it are jutting out so much... It won't be strange for him to cum right this second.
外に、ですか？　いいですよ……しっかり汚されますから=Outside? Alright... I'll do my best to stain myself with it.
はぁ……横で見られてるのに、顔を汚されるなんて……最高に最悪です=Haa... Even though I'm looking at it from the side, I'll get my face stained... It is truly the worst.
私の顔、汚したいんですね……酷い人です。でも構いませんよ=You want to stain my face, do you... You're an awful person. But, I don't mind.
いいですよ……窒息するほど顔を精液で覆って下さいね=Alright... Cover my face in so much semen that I choke on it, okay?
口に出したいんですか？　わかりました……どうぞ=You want to do it in my mouth? Got it... Go ahead.
精液の味と匂い、興奮します……いいですよ、いっぱい下さい=The smell and taste of your semen, I'm getting so aroused... Alright, give me lots.
顔を汚されるよりは、口に発射の方がマシですね……遠慮せず出して下さい=Rather than having my face be soiled, having you shoot it all in my mouth is a much more enticing idea... Shoot it all out without any hesitation.
口から種付けですか？　もう、仕方ありませんね……どうぞ=Mating with my mouth? Jeez, it can't be helped... go ahead.
横で見てるだけなのが、少し寂しいですね=Just watching you guys from the side like this feels a bit lonely.
彼女の顔、たっぷりと汚してあげて下さいね……私指くわえて見てますから=Make sure to stain her face lots, okay?... I'll watch while sucking on my thumb.
全部飲めますか？　無理ならこちらの口に出して下さいね=Can you drink it all? If you can't, have him do it in mine instead, okay?
どれだけ出すんでしょう？　少し興味あります=Just how much will you shoot out? I'm a bit curious.
ああ、なんてすごい……真っ白になっています……=Aah, how amazing... I'm turning white...
匂いが充満しています……ああ、酷い……ひどくエッチです……=The smell is wafting out... Aah, so horrible... so horribly lewd...
口の中で精液が暴れてる……見てるだけでも興奮してしまいますね=The semen is going wild inside her mouth... Just watching it is making me horny.
なんて凄い……まだ射精が終わらない……いっぱい出されてるみたいですね=How amazing... He's still going... Looks like you're getting quite a lot of it, huh?
ああ、顔が熱い……肌で、精子を感じちゃいます……=Aah, my face is so hot... I can feel your sperm with my skin...
顔いっぱいの精液……ああ、幸せ……オマンコが濡れちゃいました=A face-full of semen... Aah, this is happiness... My pussy's gotten so wet.
私、頑張ってアシストしました……ちゃんと気持ちよかったでしょう？=I did my best to lend a hand... It felt great, didn't it?
ぶっかけられて、羨ましい……私もたっぷりと浴びたい気分です=Getting a load on your face, I'm jealous... I want to be showered in it too.
今日の精液、どんな味でした？　日によって味と匂いが違うと聞いたのですが……=What did his semen taste like today? I heard that the smell and taste changes depending on the day but...
羨ましい……精液を独り占めして、浴びるほど飲みたい気分です=I'm so jealous... Monopolizing all his semen, I want to drink some too, I want to bathe in it.
二人でがんばった分、たくさん出ましたね=Seeing how hard we worked together on it, you sure shot out a lot.
精液吐き出すところ、すごくいやらしいですね=The sight of you spitting out his semen, it's super obscene.
（んんぶぅ！！んん…んぉ……んぶ…へぁ……んふ）=(Nnnbuh!! Nnn... Nnn... Nnbuh... Heeaah... nnfu)
