ほう、私達二人相手にその威勢がどこまでもつか、楽しみだな=Hoh, I'm looking forward to seeing just how long that vigour holds out, against the combined assault of the two of us.
私達は手加減しないぞ？　チンポ、どうなっても知らないからな？=We're not going to hold back, you know? Don't blame us for anything that happens to your cock, alright?
いいだろう、私達も、もっとしたいと思っていたところだ。なぁ？=Why not, we were just thinking of doing some more ourselves. No?
フフッ、二人にチンポ苛められるの、そんなに良かったか？=Fufu--, did it feel that good, having your dick teased by the two of us?
ようやく本番か、フフッ、待ちかねたぞ=Finally time for the main event, huh. Fufu--, We've been waiting for this.
私にチンポ突っ込みたくなったんだな……いいぞ、さぁ来いっ=You want to stuff your cock into me, don't you... Sure, come--
フッ、楽しませてくれよ=Hah, show me a good time.
フッ、了解だ=Hah, roger.
よしよし、わかった=Alright, got it.
ふっ、私達をもっともっと楽しませろ、いいな？=Hah--, make us have lots and lots more fun, got it?
はは、おまえの性欲には驚かされるよ、だが、それでこそだっ=Haha, your lust always manages to surprise me, but, that's exactly why you're a man--
よし来い、何度でも可愛がってやるぞ、例え私だけになってもな=Alright, come, I'll make love to you as many times as you want, even if I'm the only one left at the end.
すまんな、このチンポは、私のマンコが気に入ったみたいだ……=Sorry, looks like his dick has taken a liking to my pussy...
なっ、次は私に……んぅ、なんでもない……=Wha--, Put it in me ne--... Nnn, it was nothing...
自分から不利な状況を選ぶなんて、おまえ、さてはマゾだな？=Heading for the chopping block willingly, you're a masochist, aren't you?
わかった、私達の口で、意識が飛ぶ程、射精させてやるっ=Got it, we'll make you ejaculate so much with our mouths, you'll faint--
なに？　そっちに乗り換えか？　まったく……移り気で困ったやつだ=What? You gonna change over to her? Jeez... What a capricious guy--
そうだな、たまに譲ってやらないとな……ほら、なかなかのチンポだぞ=I suppose I gotta give it up sometimes... Here, it's quite the dick.
頑張れよ？　女二人を満足させるんだ、大変だぞ？=Work hard, okay? It's a pain to satisfy two women at once, you know?
勝手に先走るなよ？　みんなで一緒に……だぞ？=Don't run off ahead by yourself, alright? We'll do it all together... okay?
いつも通りじゃダメだぞ？　いつも以上を、私達に見せてみろっ=The usual isn't good enough, got it? Go beyond, show us what you can do--
遠慮はいらないぞ？　おまえ以外の前で、私を乱れさせてみろ=You don't need to do something pointless like 'hold back', alright? Try making me go crazy in front of people other than just us.
自慢のモノは使えないぞ？　私を満足させる事が、できるかな？=Will you be able to satisfy me, without using your little man?
後悔するなよ？　私の攻めは激しいぞ=Don't regret it later, alright? I go at it really hard, you know?
フフッ、流石のおまえも、二人相手では緊張するか？=Fufu--, even someone like you feels nervous with two partners at once, huh?
私のマンコでめちゃくちゃにしてやる……恥を晒す覚悟はできてるか？=I'll make a sopping mess out of you with my pussy... Are you prepared to show your pathetic sight to the world?
はぁっ、いいなっ、おまえの顔に乗るというのも、悪くない感じだっ=Haa--, nice--, riding your face doesn't sound like too bad for an idea either--
