学園の生徒たちが部活に励む中、俺は体育館を訪れた。=While the students of the school were busy with their club activities, I visited the gymnasium.
目的は――=The purpose of this--
「あっ。いたいた」=“I'm not sure what to expect, but I'm sure you'll be able to find something. I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.”
「なに？　また来たの？　あんた」=“What?　What? Come again?　You.”
チア部の集団の中から、桜がこちらに向かって歩いてくる。=The actual "I'm not a fan of the way you look at it, but I'm not a fan of the way you look at it.
「うん。この間見学して以来、気になっちゃって」=“Yeah. I've been curious about it since I saw it the other day.”
「他の運動部ならともかく、チアに興味を持つなんて……」=“I can't believe you're interested in cheerleading, let alone other athletic teams...”
「もしかして下心でもあるんじゃない？」=“I'm not sure if you have an ulterior motive.”
「いやいやいや。そんなことないって」=“No, no, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.”
「本当～？　イマイチ信用できないわね」=“Really?　Really? Really?”
腕組みをしながら、桜がジト目を向けてくる。=Folding her arms, Sakura gives me a jittery look.
どうにも、彼女は俺に対しての当たりが強めなような気がする。=I'm not sure what to expect, but I'm sure I'll be able to find a way to get a good deal on it.
（でもまあ、男がチアリーディングに惹かれるっていうのは、変な理由を疑われても仕方ないのかもしれないな）=(But, well, I guess I'm not surprised that a guy would be attracted to cheerleading for some weird reason.)
けれど――=But--
「俺さ、純粋に桜たちの演技に感動したんだ」=“I was genuinely moved by Sakura and the others' performance.”
「えっ？」=“Eh--?”
「なにかに――誰かに、あんなに元気を貰ったのって初めてかもしれない」=“I don't think I've ever felt so much energy from something or someone.”
「それくらい凄い演技だったと思うんだ」=“I think it was such a great performance.”
「……」=“...”
素直な感想を告げたところ、桜は黙り込んでしまった。=The most important thing to remember is that you can't just take a look at the pictures and say, "I'm not going to do that.
（なにか余計なこと言っちゃったかな……？）=(I'm sorry, did I say something I shouldn't have ...?)
俺がそんなことを考えていると、桜の小さな唇が動く。=The first thing to do is to make sure that you have a good idea of what you are looking for.
「そっか……あんたの胸に響くものがあったんだ」=“I see... ... that must've touched your heart.”
「だったらまあ、見学くらい良いのかな」=“Then, I guess it's okay if we just watch the show.”
（桜……もしかして笑ってる？）=(Cherry blossoms... are you laughing?)
薄くではあるけれど、笑みを浮かべているように見える。=The first thing that comes to mind is the fact that the person who is doing it is not the one who is doing it.
とりあえず、機嫌を損ねていないみたいで一安心――=I'm relieved to hear that she's not in a bad mood.
「でも！　私たちをいやらしい目で見たりしたら承知しないから！」=“But!　But! Don't look at us like that!”
「は、はい……！」=“Yes...!”
ビシリ！　と言われてしまった。=I'm not sure what to do.　I was told.
機嫌を損ねているわけじゃない……よね？=I'm not trying to put you in a bad mood... right?
練習を見ていて気付いたことがある。=I noticed something while watching the practice.
桜が、部長としてみんなを引っ張っていること。=Sakura is leading the group as the head of the department.
そして、周りから頼りにされていることだ。=And that people around you can count on you.
「ほら、段々遅れてきてるよ！　もっと曲を聴いて、タイミングを合わせて！」=“Come on, we're falling behind!　Listen to the song and time it better!”
「は、はい……！！」=“Yes, yes...!”
「分かりました……！」=“Okay...!”
「ねえ桜ちゃん。途中のリフト（選手を持ち上げる演技）、やっぱりあのままでいくの？」=“Hey, Sakura-chan. Sakura-chan, are you still going to do that lift?”
「全体的な負担を考えたら、もう少し難易度を落とした方が良いんじゃないかしら」=“I'm sure you'll be able to find a way to get a good deal on the game.”
「“ちゃん”じゃない」=“I'm not a "chan."”
「んー。みんななら、今のプログラムでも十分やりきれると思うわよ。むしろ、もっと難しくしても大丈夫そうなくらい」=“Hmmm... I think you guys can do well enough with the current program. I'd rather make it more difficult than it already is.”
「そうじゃなくて……。わたしが心配してるのはフライヤー（宙に飛ばされるポジション）のあなたのことよ」=“That's not what I'm ... worried about. I'm worried about you as a flyer.”
「序盤からかなり宙に飛んでるし、いくらなんでも動きがハードすぎるわ」=“You've been flying through the air since the beginning. You're moving too hard.”
「平気だってば。キツイ構成なのは確かだけど、こなせないレベルじゃないから」=“I'm fine. I'm sure it's a tough structure, but it's not at a level I can't handle.”
「それに、あのリフトは中盤の一番の見所でしょ？　部長の私が頑張らなきゃ」=“Besides, that lift is the best part of the middle section, right?　I'm the head of the department, I have to do my best.”
「はぁ……頑固なんだから、もう」=“Hah... you're so stubborn.”
「私が楽な方に逃げたら、一生懸命なみんなの努力が無駄になる。そういう話よ」=“If I take the easy way out, everyone's hard work will be wasted. That's what I'm talking about.”
「あと、私の心配ばかりしてるけど、そっちだってしんどい箇所多いんだからね？」=“And you're always worrying about me, but you're having a hard time too, you know?”
「良く知ってる。――さてと、わたしもそろそろ向こうに混ざるわ。桜ちゃんは？」=“I know her well. --I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do with it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. What about you, Sakura?”
「そうね――。一回みんなと合わせておきたいし、次の全体練習には加わろうかしら」=“It's nice to have romance in your life, isn't it? I'd like to get together with everyone at least once, and maybe I'll join in the next general practice.”
「それと、ちゃん付け禁止」=“And no chan!”
「はい、最後まで気を抜かないでー！　終わったら一旦休憩よ！」=“Yes, and you're going to have to stay on top of me until the end!　We'll take a break when we're done.”
（桜、本当に頑張ってるな）=(Cherry blossoms, you're really trying.)
みんなのことをよく見て、信頼して、その上で自分の役割を果たそうとしている。=She looks at everyone carefully, trusting them and trying to do her part on top of that.
たまにアンケートをやっている「理想の上司」って、桜みたいな人のことを指すんだろう。=The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your newborn baby is to make sure that it is a good one.
ただ……。=The only thing that you need to know is that you need to be able to get the most out of your time with your family.
「この練習風景を見てると、負けられないって気分になるわね。もう一つ大技組み込もうかしら」=“I'm sure you'll be able to find a way to get a good deal on the money. I think I'll put in one more big move.”
「やめときなさいって。本当に倒れちゃうわよ」=“You shouldn't have done that. You'll really fall down.”
「あははは、冗談冗談」=“I'm kidding, I'm kidding.”
（……ちょっと頑張りすぎな気も）=(... I think you're trying a little too hard.)
きっと桜のポテンシャルはとても高いのだと思う。=The first thing that you need to do is to get a good idea of what you're looking for.
それでも……いや、だからこそなのか、無理をしているように俺には感じられた。=The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go out and buy a new pair of jeans and a new pair of jeans.
「わざわざ、自主練まで見ていく必要はないんじゃない？」=“You don't have to go to all this trouble just to watch him practice, do you?”
「まあまあ。結局最後まで居座っちゃったから、ついでにね。ダメだった？」=“I'm not sure what you mean by that. I'm not sure if it's a good idea. I'm not sure I'll be able to do it.”
「別に、ダメじゃないけど……」=“Not that there's anything wrong with that...”
他の部員たちは既に体育館を後にし、チア部で残っているのは桜だけ。=The other club members had already left the gymnasium, and Sakura was the only one left in the cheerleading squad.
彼女はもう少し練習をしていくらしい。=She was going to practice some more.
「ワン・ツー・スリー・フォー、ファイブ・シックス・セブン・エイト」=“One three three four, five six seven eight.”
「ワン・ツー・スリー・フォー、ファイブ・シックス・セブン・エイト……！」=“One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.”
桜は一心不乱にステップを踏んでいる。=Sakura is stepping with single-minded devotion.
疲れているはずなのに、動きのキレは落ちていないように見える。=The man's movements do not seem to have lost their sharpness, even though he must be tired.
……あくまで素人目線だけど。=I'm not sure how much I'm going to be able to do with it, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it.
「っはぁ、はぁ……ここまではＯＫね。問題は後半、足を止めずに踊りきれるか……。あとは、空中での姿勢ももう少し安定させたいのよね」=“I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that, but I'm sure I'll be able to do it. The question is whether you can keep your feet on the floor for the second half of the dance... And I'd like to make my posture a little more stable in the air.”
「もっとスタミナを付けるために、走り込みの量増やした方が良いのかしら……」=“I wonder if I should increase the amount of running I do to build up more stamina ...”
顎に手を当て、真剣な表情で桜は考え込む。=Putting her hand to her chin, Sakura ponders with a serious expression on her face.
自分の演技に、まだ納得しているわけではないみたいだ。=It seems that she is still not satisfied with her performance.
「技術練習との兼ね合いもあるけど、そこは私個人の練習メニューを調整すればなんとかなるか」=“There's a conflict with technical training, but I can manage that if I adjust my personal practice menu.”
「うん。次のミーティングで相談してみよう」=“Yeah. Let's talk about it at the next meeting.”
「あのさ、桜」=“Hey, Sakura.”
「ん？　なに？」=“Hm? What is it?”
「桜ってチアリーディング命！　みたいな感じがするよね。滅茶苦茶一生懸命打ち込んでるっていうか」=“You seem to love cheerleading, don't you?　You seem to be a cheerleader at heart. You seem to be devoted to cheerleading, don't you?”
「あっ、部活での桜しか知らないから、普段どうなのかまでは分からないけど」=“I've only known Sakura in club activities, so I don't know how she usually is.”
それでも……俺が見る限り、桜はチアに対して並々ならぬ情熱を傾けている。=The most important thing to remember is that you can't just go out and buy a new car or truck and expect it to work.
なにが彼女をそこまで駆り立てるのか、俺は気になっていた。=I was wondering what was driving her to that point.
「なにかに打ち込むって、別に特別なことじゃないんじゃない？」=“It's not so special to be devoted to something, is it?”
桜の返答はあっさりとしていた。=Sakura's reply was simple.
当然だと言わんばかりだ。=The most important thing to remember is that the best way to get the most out of your money is to be honest with yourself.
「興味があるとか、好きだとか、上手くなりたいとか――。理由は色々あると思うけど、みんなどっかでやってることでしょ？」=“You're interested, you like it, you want to be good at it... You're interested, you like it, you want to get better at it - there's lots of reasons, but we're all doing it at some point, right?”
「うーん。そうかもしれないけど……桜は特に強い気持ちを持ってるような気がする、って言えば良いのかな」=“I'm sorry. Well, maybe I should say that ... Sakura seems to have particularly strong feelings for you.”
「俺の勘違いだったらごめん」=“I'm sorry if I'm wrong.”
「あんたから私がどう見えてるのかは分からないわ。でも、もし気持ちの強さが表れてるって言うんなら――」=“I don't know how you see me. But if it's a sign of strength of feeling--”
「私には目標があるから、ね」=“I have goals, you know.”
いつも以上に真剣な――もしかしたら、俺が見た中で一番引き締まった表情で桜は告げた。=The most important thing to remember is that the most important thing to remember is that you are not alone in your decision making.
「その目標を達成するためだったら、私はどんなことでもする……ううん、どんなことだってできるのよ」=“I would do anything ... to achieve that goal, no matter what it took.”
（目標、か……）=(Goals, huh? ...)
俺は圧倒されていた。=I was overwhelmed.
同い年の子が、目指すものをしっかりと定めていること。=I was surprised to see that girls of the same age have a firm idea of what they are aiming for.
そして、それをはっきり口にできることを、素晴らしいと思った。=I'm not sure if it's a good idea or not, but I'm sure it's a good idea.
「――曲流すから、ちょっとうるさくなるわよ」=“I'm going to play the song. It's going to get a little loud.”
「あ、う、うん。どうぞ」=“Ah, um... Here you go.”
桜はこれ以上語るつもりはないようだ。=She did not seem to want to talk any more about it.
ノートパソコンを操作して、さっきの全体練習でも使われていた曲を流し始める。=I operate my laptop and start playing the song that was also used in the whole practice earlier.
音楽に合わせて踊ると、動きの良さが一層際立って見える。=Dancing to the music, the quality of the movement seems to stand out even more.
彼女の凄さを言葉と演技で感じながら、それでも俺の疑問は晴れなかった。=I felt her greatness through her words and performance, but my doubts were still unanswered.
（どうして桜はそこまで……。目標って一体なんなんだろう）=(Why are the cherry blossoms so ... far away? What the hell is the target?)
遅い時間まで、桜の自主練は続いた。=Sakura's self-practice continued until late at night.
その様子を眺めているうちに、彼女に対する興味が徐々に大きくなっていくのを俺は感じていた。=As I watched her, I felt my interest in her gradually growing.
