「なぁ、あの奇妙なウサギみたいなの……さっきからずっとこっちを見ていないか？」=Hey, that bizarre rabbit... thing... hasn't it been staring in our direction for a while now?
「はは、奇妙って言ったら可哀相だよ。この遊園地のマスコットキャラなんだから」=Haha, "bizarre rabit thing", I feel bad for it. It's the mascot character of this park.
「いや、明らかに奇妙だろ……うわ、とうとう近付いて来た！　おまえ、何とかしろ」=No, it's clearly bizarre... Uwah, it's approaching us! You deal with it somehow!
「えぇっ、俺！？　あー、えっと……あぁ、風船をくれるんですね？　どうも……」=Eeeh--, me!? Aah, erhm... Aah, balloons for us? Thanks...
「それとこれは……あぁ、スタンプラリーですね。ありがとうございます、やってみます」=And this is... Aah, a stamp card, is it? Thank you very much, we'll try it out.
………………=...
「やっと行ったか……それで、色々もらっていたみたいだが。アイツは何だったんだ？」=It's finally gone... So, seems like you got a lot of stuff. Just what was that thing?
「なんか、遊園地の各所に置いてあるスタンプを全部押すと、景品をくれるみたい。やってみる？」=Seems like if you go to every single ride and have them stamp the stamp card, they'll give you some free swag. Wanna try it?
「ほう、奇妙なウサギにしては気の利いたものをくれたじゃないか。面白そうだ、やってみよう」=Hoh, for a bizarre rabbit, it sure gave us some good stuff. Sounds interesting, let's try it.
「あはは……そんなにウサギを邪険にしなくても……じゃあ近場のスタンプから探していこうか」=Ahaha... You don't need to be so cruel to the poor guy... Then, let's start with the stamps we can get nearby.
「よーし、ここで最後だよ！　スタンプラリーコンプリート！」=Alright, this is the last one! Stamp Card Rally, Complete!
「ふぅ、結構歩いたな。おかげでこの遊園地に詳しくなってしまった」=Fuu, we sure walked a ton. Thanks to that though, I feel like I know this amusement park like the back of my hand.
「まぁ、遊園地側としてはそれが狙いだろうからね。色々知れば、また来たいって思うだろうし」=Well, that's probably what the amusement park folks were aiming for. If you know about the various attractions, you'll probably want to come again and all.
「まんまと思惑に乗せられた訳か。あのウサギめ、やはり只者では無かったようだな」=They played us like a damn fiddle, huh? That damned rabbit, looks like he wasn't just a regular old rabbit afterall.
「はは、そこまでウサギに拘れると、逆に好きなんかじゃないかって思うよ」=Haha, you're so fixated on that rabbit. I feel like you actually like it.
「好きというか、妙に印象に残る顔つきだったからな。それも遊園地側のデザインの上手さか」=Rather than liking it, it's because it was strangely memorable. I suppose that's just how good the amusement park's design people are.
「だったら丁度良かったんじゃない？　選べる景品の中にあのウサギのキーホルダーがあるよ。これを貰おうか？」=In that case, isn't it just perfect? From the free stuff we can get, a keychain of the rabbit is an option. Shall we get that?
「本気か？　でもまぁ、他に欲しいものがあるわけでもないしな。アイツのおかげで楽しめたし、それにしよう」=For real? But yeah, it's not like there's anything else I particularly want either. We had tons of fun thanks to that guy, so let's go with that.
「よし、じゃあ二人分交換してきちゃうね！」=Alright, then I'll go exchange for two of them!
「交換してきたよ。はい、これが[H名]の分ね。流石に歩き疲れたし、ベンチで少し休憩しようか？」=I got them. Here, this one is yours, [H名]. I really am getting tired from all that walking, shall we relax for a bit on that bench?
「賛成だな。でもよかった、実は遊園地デートは難易度が高いと聞いていてな。少し不安だったんだ」=For sure. But, I'm glad. Honestly, I'd heard that an amusement park date is really hard to pull off well, so I was a bit worried.
「あー、待ち時間とか長いからね。それでイライラして喧嘩しちゃうカップルも多いみたい」=Aah, yeah, because you have to line up for quite a while. Because of that, seems like there's quite a few couples who get annoyed and have an argument with each other.
「あぁ、私もそこを心配していた。だが、スタンプラリーのおかげで話題には尽きなかったし、本当にやってよかったな」=Yeah, that's what I was worried about too. But, thanks to the stamp rally, we had a lot of stuff to talk about, I'm really glad we did it.
「そうだね……あっ、あのウサギがまた来たよ？　お礼を言って、一緒に記念写真を撮ってもらおうよ」=Yeah... Ah--, look, the rabbit's here again. Let's go take a commemorative photograph with it, to express our gratitude.
「なっ！　待て！　アイツの横に並べと言うのか？　それは流石にはしゃぎ過ぎというか……恥ずかしくないか？」=Wha--! Wait! Are you saying we're going to line up next to it? Aren't you getting a bit carried away, or rather... Aren't you embarrassed?
「そんな事ないって！　遊園地なんだから、多少はしゃいだ方が普通なんだよ。さ、一緒に行こう！」=Not at all! It's an amusement park afterall, getting carried away is part of the program. Come, let's go together!
