（今日は水瀬さんが休みだったし、他の子とコイカツしようかな……）=(Minase-san had the day off today, so I think I'll do Koikatsu with the other girls...)
登校したときにいないと思ったら、朝のＨＲで櫻井先生が家から連絡があったと教えてくれた。=When I arrived at school and found her missing, Sakurai-sensei told me in morning home room that she had received a call from Minase-san's home.
どうやら風邪を引いてしまったらしい。=Apparently, she had caught a cold.
野乃花=Nonoka
「ちょっといい？」=Do you have a minute?
「あ、はい」=Uh, yes.
櫻井先生はプリントの入ったクリアファイルを携えていた。=Sakurai-sensei was carrying a clear file with print outs in it.
「最近、コイカツ部は順調？」=How's the Koikatsu club doing lately?
「うーん、そうですね……ちょっと難しいお願い事をされちゃって……色々策を考えてます」=Well, yes... I've been asked to do something rather difficult... I'm trying to come up with a plan.
とは言ったものの、水瀬さんに自信を持たせる方法はまだ思いついていない。=Having said that, I had yet to come up with a way to make Minase-san feel confident.
ましてや、水瀬さんを恋心を教える方法なんて、思いつくのかとすら思っている。=I even wondered if I could come up with a way to make her fall in love with me.
「あら。私でよかったらいつでも相談してね。学園長にはあなたの担任だけじゃなくて相談役も任されてるんだから」=Oh, my. If you want to talk, you can always come to me. I'm not only your home room teacher but I'm also your mentor.
「ありがとうございます。でも、先生の方こそ、何か用事があったんじゃないですか？」=Thank you. But, didn't you have something you needed as a teacher?
「うふふ、じゃあ私の用件から話すわね。もしよかったらでいいから、これを水瀬さんに届けてほしいの」=Ufufu, I'll go first then. If you don't mind, I'd like you to deliver this to Minase-san.
クリアファイルを受け取って中身を見ると、それは今日の授業で配られたプリントだった。=When I took the clear file and looked at the contents, I saw that it was the handouts for today's class.
「いいですけど、水瀬さんの家を知らなくて……」=Okay, but I don't know Minase-san's house...
「あら？　言ってなかった？　きみの住んでるアパートのお隣が水瀬さんの家よ」=What? Didn't anyone tell you? Minase-san lives next door to your apartment.
「ええっ！？」=Huh!?
「だから、帰るときについでに届けてあげてほしくって。お願いしてもいい？」=So, I'd hoped you could deliver that to her on your way home. Can I ask you to do that?
「それは、はい、大丈夫です」=That's, yes, it's fine.
「よかった。それじゃ、キミの難しいお願い事っていうのを聞きましょうか？」=Good. Now, let's hear about your difficult situation, shall we?
「……いえ、それに関してはもうちょっと自分で考えてみます」=...No, I'll think about that a bit more on my own.
「あら、ちょっと寂しいけど……そうね、ひとりで考えるのも大事なことよね。それじゃ、よろしくね」=Oh, that's a bit lonely, but... well, it's important to think for yourself. I'll see you later.
「はい、任せてください」=Yes, I'm on it."=Yes, I'm on it.
櫻井先生は俺のことを少し気にしてる様子だったが、最後は笑顔で去っていった。=Sakurai-sensei seemed a little concerned about me, but in the end she left with a smile on her face.
（水瀬さんのことを考えていたときに水瀬さんに届けるプリントを受け取った。これは、何かの暗示なのかな）=(While I was thinking about Minase-san, I received a printout to deliver to her. Is this some kind of sign?)
まあ、風邪を引いてるらしいし、ゆっくり話せないかもしれないけれど。=Well, I heard she has a cold, so we may not be able to talk too much.
（できれば色々話したいな……水瀬さんに自信を持ってもらうきっかけも見つかるかもしれないし）=(If possible, I'd like to talk about a lot of things... maybe I can find an opportunity to make her more confident)
そう思ったなら善は急げ。俺はコイカツ部をするのをやめにして、帰り支度を始めた。=If that's what I'm thinking, I should hurry up and get going. I finished with the Koikatsu club and started getting ready to leave.
（でも、まさか家までお隣りさんだったなんて。偶然って重なるものなんだなぁ）=(But I didn't even realize that we lived next door to each other. Talk about a coincidence)
（でも、風邪ってどれぐらいひどいんだろう。お見舞いに何か買っていった方がいいかな……）=(But I wonder how bad her cold is. Should I bring something with me...)
（……あれっ？　今……）=(...Huh? Just now...)
水瀬さんとすれ違ったような気がして振り返ると、見覚えのある後ろ姿がぎこちなく立ち去ろうとしているのが見えた。=I felt as if I had passed Minase-san and turned around to see a familiar figure awkwardly trying to walk away.
「えっと、水瀬さん？」=Uh, Minase-san?
亜依=Ai
「ば、バレちゃった？　えへへ……」=Ah, you found me out? Ehhh...
「えっと、病院帰り？」=Uhh, are you back from the hospital?
「あー……とりあえず、ゆっくり話せるところに入らない？　キミさえよかったらだけど」=Um... Can we go somewhere where we can talk? If you don't mind.
「それは、もちろん」=Well, of course.
俺はいつも通り元気そうな水瀬さんに疑問を覚えつつ、適当な喫茶店に入ることにした。=I wondered about Minase-san, who seemed to be in good spirits as usual, and followed her to a coffee shop.
「実は……仮病で休んでたんだよねー、あははは……」=I was actually... taking a sick day, ahahaha...
「仮病？　水瀬さんが？」=A sick day? Minase-san?
思わず驚いてしまったけれど、意外というわけではなかった。=I was surprised, but not unexpectedly so.
会ったばかりの頃なら、こんなに明るい子が？　と驚いたかもしれない。=When I first met her, would I have been surprised to see such a bright girl do this? I might have been.
けれど、水泳部の部長から水瀬さんの抱えている問題を聞いた後なら納得できる。=However, after hearing from the president of the swimming club about the problems she was having, it made sense.
「たまーにね、学園に行きたくなーいってなっちゃうの。ダメだよね～こんなの」=Sometimes I don't want to go to school. It's not good, right?
「ううん。気持ちすごくわかるよ」=No. I know exactly how you feel.
「あはは、気を遣わなくていいってば」=Ahaha, don't worry about it.
「いや、本当にわかるよ。特に俺は独り暮らしだし、コイカツ部の部長なんてしてなかったら、けっこうサボっちゃってたかもね」=No, I really understand. Especially since I live alone, if I hadn't been the head of the Koikatsu club I probably would have slacked off a lot.
そう言うと、水瀬さんは心底ほっとした顔をしてオレンジジュースを飲みはじめる。=As I said that, Minase-san looked relieved and started to drink her orange juice.
「キミが優しい人でよかった。引かれたらどうしようって、内心びくびくしてたよ～」=I'm glad you're a kind person. I was scared to death that you might not like me after this~
「俺はそこまで優等生じゃないからね」=I'm not that good of a student.
「実は、この前……あ、キミの転校初日ね？　あのとき遅れたのも、休もうかどうかって悩んでたからなんだよね」=Actually, the other day... that was your first day, right? The reason I was late was because I was debating whether or not to take the day off.
「でもあの日は来たんだね」=But that day you came.
「うん。だってキミが来るっていうから。女子校に転校してくる男の子なんて見逃せないもん」=Yes, because I'd hear you were coming. I couldn't miss a boy transferring to an all-girls school.
「それに、私の隣りだっていうから、何かとサポートした方がいいかなぁって……んっ？　私なんか偉そう！？　ゴメンね！」=And since you were sitting next to me, I thought I should support you in any way I could... what? Did I mess it up!? I'm sorry!
「そんなことないよ。実際、水瀬さんにはすごく助けられてるからね」=That's not true. In fact, you've helped me a lot.
「え～、全然だよ。もっとしてあげられること、あると思う」=No~ not at all. I think there's more I can do for you.
「いやいや。水瀬さんは命の恩人レベルだよ」=No, no, no. You're on the level of a lifesaver.
「転校初日、誰も話しかけてくれなくて、ちょっと気まずい思いをしてたときに話しかけてくれて、本当に気が楽になったんだ」=On my first day at a new school, when I was feeling a little awkward because no-one was talking to me, you talked to me and that really put me at ease.
「えへへ、居心地悪そうだったもんね。私だったらイヤだな、話しかけてほしいなって思ったから話しかけたの」=Ehehe, you looked so uncomfortable. I wouldn't like it if it were me, I wanted someone to talk to you so I did.
「でも、それだけじゃなくてね……私、みんなと違うことをしたいって、ずっと思ってるの」=But it's not just that... Me, I've always been different to everyone else, I've always wanted to be different.
「みんなと違うこと？」=Different from everyone else?
「なんて言ったらいいのかな……すごく、個性がほしいの」=I don't know what to say... Really, I just want to be myself.
「こんなこと言ったら無個性の平凡な子だっていうのがバレちゃうから恥ずかしんだけど、もうキミには言っちゃう」=I'm embarrassed to say this, because it would reveal me as a mediocre girl with no personality, but I'm going to tell you.
「私って、本当に普通なの。部長みたいに水泳一筋ってわけじゃないし、クラスの中でも地味な方だし……」=I'm really very average. I'm not a dedicated swimmer like the president, and I'm not the most sophisticated person in my class...
俺は、そんなことないよ、と言いかけた口を慌てて結んだ。=I was about to disagree with her when I hastily tied my mouth shut.
下手な慰めよりも、もっと水瀬さんの気持ちを知って、自信をつけさせる糸口を見つけた方が建設的だ。=It would be more constructive to learn about her feelings and find clues to help her gain confidence rather than poorly comforting her.
「もしかして、仮病で休むのも……？」=Maybe you need a break...?
「そう、みんなが学園で勉強してるときに、私は別のことをやっちゃう！　みたいな」=Yeah, while everyone else is studying at school, I'll be doing something else! Something like that.
「でも、外で遊んでると補導されちゃうんだって。だから、だいたい家でごろごろしてるだけだけどね……だめだなー」=But, they say if you play around outside you'll be caught. So I usually just hang out at home... It's not good.
「……部長になれば、個性的になれるんじゃない？」=...Wouldn't being the swimming club president make you unique?
「それ、私も思ったんだけど……部長を見てるとなんか違うなって」=That's what I thought, too... but it's not the same when I look at the president.
「この前も部長がキミと話してるときに部長の真似事をしたけど、やっぱり私じゃないって感じがしたの」=The other day, when she was talking to you, I did my best to imitate her, but it still didn't feel right.
「柄じゃない……ううん、器じゃないっていうのかな？　やっぱり、うちの水泳部はすごい人がいっぱいいるんだよね」=It's not who I am... No, I'm just not good enough, am I? After all, our swimming club is full of amazing people.
「この前も言ってたけど、すごいっていうのは、タイムとかリーダーシップとか？」=What did you mean the other day when you said amazing, do you mean times or leadership?
「うん。部長ってこの学園に来てから、何度も大会で優勝してるの。それに感化されて、周りも才能を開花させてるんだ」=Both. The president has won many competitions since she came to this school. Inspired by that, the people around her are also developing their talents.
「高柳さんはちょっと協調性に難ありだけどクロールは部長並みにすごいし、自分にも他人にも厳しい湯浅さんがいると場が締まるし……」=Takayanagi-san is a little difficult to work with, but her freestyle is as great as the presidents, and Yuasa-san, who is strict with herself and others, keeps the group together...
「他の子のことをよく見てるんだね」=You've been watching the other girls closely.
「だって、みんなすごく個性的でキラキラしてるんだもん」=Because everyone is so unique and sparkling.
「ただのお節介だけど、そういう子って応援したくなっちゃうんだよね」=I know I'm just getting in the way, but girls like that make me want to support them.
水瀬さんに助けられた俺にとって、その言葉はなんの誇張もなく聞こえた。=For me, who was saved that day by Minase-san, her words didn't sound like an exaggeration.
「そうだ、キミのコイカツ部のことも応援できないかな？」=I know, could I also help out the Koikatsu club?
「コイカツ部を？」=The Koikatsu club?
「えっとね、あ！　マネージャー的なやつ！」=Uh, yeah! Like a manager!
「今はキミが直接女の子に話しかけて勧誘してるけど、そもそも男の子に話しかけられるのが苦手な子もいるでしょ？」=Right now you're talking directly to the girls to recruit them, but some of them don't like boys talking to them, right?
「そういう子を私が仲介して連れてきてあげるとか、どう？」=How about I talk to them and bring them to you?
「それはすごく助かるけど、そんな手間かけさせちゃっていいの？」=That's very nice of you, but are you sure you want to go through all that trouble for me?
「もっちろん！　というか、実は水泳部に、本当に男の子がダメな子がいるんだよね。トラウマがあるみたいで」=Of course! I mean, there's actually a girl in the swimming club who really doesn't like boys. It's like she's been traumatized.
「トラウマ？」=Traumatized?
「うん。乙梨さんっていうんだけど、男の人を見ただけで動けなくなっちゃうんだよね」=Yes. Her name is Otonashi-san, and she freezes up just looking at a man.
「それは……重症だね」=That... sounds serious.
「そうなの。でも、本人はいつか克服したいって言ってたから、やる価値はあるんじゃないかなって。どうかな？」=It is. But she said she wanted to overcome it someday, so it might be worth a shot. What do you think?
（その子のことも気になるけど、水瀬さんのこともよく知れるチャンスかもしれないな）=(I'm curious about this girl, and this might be a good chance to get to know Minase-san better too)
「わかった。じゃあ、今度３人で話してみようか」=Alright. Sometime the three of us should get together and talk about it.
「わあ、ありがとう～。それじゃ乙梨さんに連絡しておくから、キミの都合のいいタイミングでやろう！」=Wow, thank you~. I'll get in touch with Otonashi-san and we'll do it at your convenience!
「だね！」=Yeah!
（今は水瀬さんについていい案は思いつかないけれど、とにかく水瀬さんと関わり続けることが大事だ）=(I can't think of anything to help Minase-san right now, but I feel it's important to keep trying)
俺はそう思って決意を新たにした。=I made up my mind and renewed my determination.