嗚呼、なんて美しい反り返り……まんこでお相手できないのが残念でなりません……=Aha, what a beautiful warp... I'm sorry I can't deal with you with my cunt...
ちんぽを我慢汁まみれにして、ぬるぬるの快感を味わっていただきますね……=It's a shame that I can't give you a beautiful warped ... cunt to play with, but I'm sure you'll enjoy the slippery pleasure of having your dick covered in your own juices...
電車という絶対に見られてはいけない空間で、こんなにも主張されて……破廉恥です……=It's a shame to be so assertive in a train, a space where you're never supposed to be seen: ...
いかがされました……？　目的の駅までは時間がございます。ゆっくり楽しみましょう……？=How are you doing ...?　We have some time before our destination station. Let's enjoy it slowly...?
緊張も焦りも忘れて、女にちんぽをいじられる快感に全てを委ねてくださいませ……=Forget your nervousness and impatience, and give yourself over to the pleasure of having your dick tweaked by a woman...
うふふ、ちんぽの幹と亀頭に心地よい刺激をお送りいたします……=I will send a pleasant stimulation to the trunk and glans of your cock...
電車に揺られながら、ちんぽをよしなにされるご気分はいかがです……？=How does it feel to have your dick nibbled on as you sway on the train ...?
そのとろけきったお顔を、私にもっとよく見せてください……=Please show me your throbbing face more often...
心の中で念じてください……ちんぽ気持ちいい、ちんちん射精したい、ちんぽこもっといじって……=Think in your mind: ... cock feels good, I want to ejaculate my cock, tweak my cock ...
貴方がご自身でするような快感でしょう？　花嫁修業の成果でございます……=It's just like you do it yourself, isn't it?　It's the fruit of your bridal training...
さあ、貴方のおちんぽ様が大好きな私に、元気いっぱいのお射精を見せつけてくださいな……=Come on, show me how much you love your cock, and I'll show you how much I love your cock, and you'll show me how much I love your cock...
私の声に続いてお射精をしてください……ドピュ、どぴゅっどぴゅっ、ぶぴゅう、どぷっ、どぴゅっどぴゅっ……=Please ejaculate following my voice: ... dopu, dopu, dopu, dopu, dopu, dopu, dopu, dopu ...
心からのご奉仕で、極上のお射精へと導いて差し上げます……=We will lead you to the best ejaculation with our heartfelt service...
はい、激しい勢いのまま、たっぷりとした精液をお出しください……=Yes, you're going to have to let out a lot of semen with a lot of force...
後のことは私に任せて、お射精することだけで頭をいっぱいにしてください……=Leave the rest to me and let your mind be occupied with ejaculating...
電車の中でお射精する背徳感に苛まれながら、最高に気持ちいい膣外射精をお楽しみください……=Enjoy the great feeling of extravaginal ejaculation while being tormented by the immorality of ejaculating on the train: ...
嗚呼、とっても元気なお射精でございますね……電車の中でなければ、喜んで飲み干しておりました……=Aha, that's a very healthy ejaculation... If it wasn't for the train, I would have gladly drank it up...
おちんぽ様がビクビクと震えて喜んでおります……=Your cock is shivering and shaking with delight: ...
大変に興奮されていらっしゃったのですね……量も濃さも、私の子宮が疼くほどでございます……=You were so excited ... that my womb was tingling with the quantity and thickness of your cum...
私のご奉仕でご満足いただけましたか……？=I hope you are satisfied with my service ...?
