んふっ、どれだけ大きくするつもり？　見られて小さいって思われるのが、嫌なのかしら？=Mmm, how big are you going to make it?　You don't like it when people look at you and think you're small, do you?
声を出してはダメよ？　ゆっくりしてあげているのだから……我慢できるでしょ？=Don't make a sound, okay?　I'm taking my time with you... Can you stand it?
ほら、匂いでバレちゃうわよ？　臭くて汚いお汁……出すのやめなさい……=Come on, you can smell it, can't you?　Stop producing stinky, dirty juice ...
貴方、もしかして誰かに見て欲しいんじゃないの？　私にチンポ弄ばれているところ……=Do you want someone to watch you?　I'm playing with your cock...
ねぇ、大きな声、出してみたら？　貴方の恥ずかしい姿、皆に見てもらいましょうよ=Hey, why don't you try it out loud?　Let everyone see how embarrassing you are.
フフッ、辛そうね……その表情、たまらないわ……もっと苛めて欲しいって事よね？=You look like you're in a lot of pain... I love the look on your face... You want me to torment you more, don't you?
顔も亀頭も真っ赤よ？　もし見つかっても、情けな過ぎて、同情されちゃうんじゃない？=My face and glans are all red.　If they find out, they'll be so pathetic, they'll feel sorry for you.
もうチンポの事しか考えられないでしょ？　大きな声出して、社会的に終わってみたら？=All you can think about now is your dick, right?　Why don't you shout it out and end it socially?
電車の中で、こんなにみっともなくして……もっときつーく、躾けてあげないとね……=You're such a disgrace on the train... You need to be disciplined harder than that...
これ、楽しいわね……電車に乗る時は、毎回してあげましょうか？=This is fun... Shall I do this every time I take the train?
ほぅら、もうパンパン……これは精液、かなり出そうね……=There you go, you're all puffed up... This is going to produce a lot of semen...
出したいんでしょ？　電車の中で、精液噴き出したら……気持ちいいんでしょうねぇ……=You want to cum, don't you?　I'm sure it'll feel great to spurt out your semen on the train...
声を我慢しながら情けなくイクとこ、全部見ててあげるわ……フフフッ……=I'm going to watch you cum so pathetically while holding back your voice...
無様に射精するとこ、皆に見てもらいなさい……ほら、視線を感じるでしょう？=Let everyone watch as you ejaculate in a messy way... See, you can feel their eyes on you.
皆優しいわね？　貴方が情けな過ぎて……気付かないフリをしてくれてるのよ？=They're so sweet, aren't they?　They're pretending not to notice that you're so pathetic ...
さぁ、出していいわよっ……電車の中、くっさい精液の匂いで、いっぱいにしてやりなさい=Go ahead, let it out... Fill the train with the smell of your stinky semen.
あぁっ、出た出たっ……はぁっ、その一生懸命声を我慢してる顔、ゾクゾクするわぁ……=Oh, there it is, there it is... Haha, the look on your face as you try so hard to hold back your voice is so tantalizing...
ほらっ、もっと出しなさいっ……いつもより興奮してるでしょ？　もっと出せる筈よっ=Come on, let it out more... You're more excited than usual, aren't you?　I'm sure you can do more.
電車に乗る度に思い出しちゃうんじゃない？　ダメよ？　電車でオナニーなんかしちゃ=I'm sure you'll remember this every time you ride the train.　Don't do it.　Don't masturbate on the train.
あーあ、すっごい量を出しちゃったわね……私、違う車両に移動しようかしら……=Oh, I've let out so much... I think I'll move to a different car...
