「はぁぁ、こういう喫茶店って落ち着くよね。私の地元、こげんお店全然なかったけん、なんか嬉しいん」=Haaa, these sorts of cafes are really calming, don't you think? My hometown didn't really have any places like this, so it feels kinda nice.
「地元って喫茶店なかったんだ？」=Your hometown didn't have cafes?
「うん、喫茶店どころか、ご飯食べるところもほとんどなかったん。ほとんど田んぼで……えーっと……そうそう田舎を舞台にしたアニメがあるやろ？　本当あんな感じ」=Nope, forget cafes, there weren't even any places to grab lunch from, aside from one or two. It was mostly just rice fields... Erhm... you know how many anime these days have the sticks as their setting? It's basically just that.
「ああ、見たことあるかも！　映画にもなったアニメだよね。あんな感じっていうことは……相当のどかなんだね」=Aah, I think I've seen one or two! I'm pretty sure there's even anime movies like that. If it's the same sort of area then... sounds pretty nice and tranquil.
「うーん、のどかと言えば聞こえはいいっちゃけど……何もないっていうか……とにかく田舎なん」=Well, it sounds nice when you put it like that but... there's literally nothing there, like... anyways, it's just the sticks.
「あ、でもね、どこの家にも車があるけん、外食に行く時はいつもドライブ気分やったん。それは結構楽しかったかなぁ」=Ah, but you know, we have cars at both our houses so, we used to go on drives pretty often, to eat out and stuff. That was pretty fun I guess.
「ドライブかぁ。俺、家族で車ってあんまり経験ないから、逆に羨ましいよ。どこに行くにも電車が多かったからさ」=Drives, huh. Nobody in my family really knows how to drive so, I'm actually kinda jealous. We always take the train wherever we go, you see.
「あはは、都会やったら車なくても平気やもんねぇ。電車の時間とか調べる必要もないくらい、ばんばん来るし……」=Ahaha, well you can survive just fine in a big city, even without a car. Trains just come one after another, you don't even need to keep track of their schedule...
「やけど、それだけじゃちょっと寂しい気もするん。私ね、実は電車よりも車の方が好きなん。なんか自分たちだけの空間って感じがするし……お菓子とか食べても平気やし」=But, taking the train feels kinda lonely too. You know, I actually prefer cars over trains. It feels like having our own personal space... Not to mention, you can eat snacks in a car too.
「確かに……[H名]と二人きりでドライブとかしたら楽しそう。好きな音楽とかかけて……電車じゃいけないような場所にも行けて……」=Certainly... A drive with just the two of us sounds great. Put on some nice music and everything... go somewhere a train would never go...
「やろやろ！　やけんね、私、早く免許取りたいなーって思っとっちゃん。車買えるかどうかは分からんけど、とりあえず免許だけは……みたいな」=Why not! That's why, I actually really want to get a license. I don't know if I'll be able to buy a car anytime soon but... a license should be doable.
「うん、いいね。その時は一緒に教習所行こっか。一人よりも二人の方が通ってて楽しそうだし」=Yeah, sounds good. At that time, we should go to driving school together. I feel like it'd go a lot faster if we do it together, not to mention it'd be more fun too.
「うんっ！　一緒に免許取ったら、交代で運転しながらドライブ行きたいん！」=Yeah--! If we get our licenses together, I wanna take a long drive together, with each of us driving in turns!
「やろやろ！　って言っても……私、免許取れるかどうか自信がないん……運動も苦手やし……絶対反射神経鈍いっちゃもん」=Why not! --well, even if I say that... I don't know whether I'll be able to get a license... I'm pretty bad at physical stuff too... I'm pretty sure my reflexes are too dull.
「そんなことないよ。運動が苦手でも運転してる人はたくさんいると思うし……教習所に行ってきちんと練習するんだから平気だよ」=It shouldn't be a problem. I'm pretty sure there's lots of people that are bad at physical stuff that still drive... It should be fine, as long as you go to a proper driving school and learn how to drive.
「そうかいな……うーん……それじゃ、私が教習所通う時は君も一緒に通ってくれる？　なんか一人だと心細いん……」=You think so?... Well... In that case, will you go to driving school with me? I feel like I'll mess up by myself...
「あはは、もちろんいいよ。俺も何かきっかけがないと通わなそうだし……[H名]が一緒なら楽しいし心強いよ。二人で免許取れたら、いつか一緒にドライブ行こうね」=Ahaha, sure, why not? I don't think I'd ever go out of my way to get a license without some sort of excuse to do so anyway... and having you by my side would be really fun and reassuring. If we get our licenses together, let's go on a drive together someday.
