「[H名]の青空アドベンチャーは何度聞いても癒されるなぁ……あ、飲み物なくなってるね。俺、取って来るよ」=“No matter how many times I hear you sing Blue Sky Adventure, it's always so soothing~... ah, we're starting to run out of drinks. I'll go grab some.”
「歌い終わりましたし、私が取ってきましょうか？」=“I already finished the song so, shall I go grab them instead?”
「大丈夫、俺に任せて。ちょっと休憩にしようよ」=“It's alright, leave it to me. Just take a break for now.”
………………=.........
「ただいまー……ん？」=“I'm back... nn?”
（[H名]が食い入るように画面を見てるぞ……？）=(She almost looks like she's going to devour that tablet whole...)
「なに見てるの？　……ってあれ、また身長の高いアイドルと低いアイドルがユニットを組んだんだ。多いね、最近」=“What're you looking at? ...Huh, they put together another unit with a tall and short idol. There's been a lot of those recently, haven't they?”
「お二人とも、身長の悩みを抱えていて、それが結成のきっかけになったそうですよ」=“Seems that they both had complexes about their heights, which led to the formation of the unit.”
「身長って高すぎても低すぎてもコンプレックスになっちゃうもんね」=“Yeah, doesn't surprise me. Being both too tall or too short can easily eat away at you, can't it?”
「私も昔から、高身長であることがコンプレックスでした。ですから、この方々のように芸風として売り出せるのは羨ましいです」=“For the longest time, I had a complex about my own height as well. So it'd be a lie to say that I'm not jealous of them using that as their main marketing point.”
「前にも言ったかもしれないけど、俺は身長が高いのも含めて[H名]のことが好きだよ？」=“I think I've told you this before too but, I love everything about you, including your height, you know?”
「ふふ、ありがたいことに、そのようですね。あなたとお付き合いしてから、自分の身長にも自信が持てました」=“Fufu, and I'm always grateful for that. It helped me gain the confidence in myself, that I always lacked before we started dating.”
「え？　俺、好き以外になにか言ったっけ？」=“Eh? I don't think I've ever said anything apart from that I like your height though.”
「言葉もそうですが、私の隣りを歩くときの態度でしたり、お気遣いでしたり……あなたが私の身長を意識しているのがよく伝わってくるんです」=“Yes, but it's not just your words alone, it's the way you act when you walk next to me, or the way you go out of your way to do some things for me... it's really obvious, that you're clearly aware of just how tall I am.”
「あはは……こんな言い方は失礼かもしれないけど、身長の高いお嬢様って、すごく神秘的で素敵だからね」=“Ahaha... well, it might sound a bit rude to say it like this but, a tall ojou-sama like you, just looks so mystical and lovely.”
「ふふふ。私も、あなたのそういう正直なところが大好きです。これからも、身長の高い私を好きでいてくださいね」=“Fufu. I really love that honest side of you as well. Please keep loving my tall self, okay?”
「前にも話したかもしれませんけど、背の小さい女の子はそれだけで完成してしまうんですよね」=“I may have talked about this before as well but, a short girl ends up being a complete package unto herself, you know?”
「背の高い男みたいなものだよね。それだけでステータスっていうか……」=“Like a tall guy, right? You get status just from that, like...”
「私も小柄なほうですから、蝶よ花よと言われて育ちましたが……」=“I tend towards the short side as well so, I've always been raised like 'a little princess' but...”
「私が本当に自分の強みにしたいところや見て欲しいところが霞んでしまうような気がして……なんて、嫌な物言いをしてしまいましたね……」=“I always wonder if it's really what I want to polish as my forte, if it's really what I want to make into my main appeal... that was quite a nasty way of saying it, wasn't it?...”
「いや、いいと思うよ。[H名]は品行方正な女の子だから、そういう風に思うのは当たり前だと思う」=“No, I think it's fine. You're a very morally upright person, [H], so thinking that way is perfectly reasonable, in my opinion.”
「いつもそのように仰っていただいて、ありがとうございます」=“Thank you very much, for always reassuring me like that.”
「あなたは私を性別と身長だけで判断しない方なので、いつも助かっています。これからもどうぞよろしくお願いいたします」=“You never judge me based purely on my height, or my gender so, it's always a blessing. Please keep doing that.”
