//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
（ん？　空いてる席が二つあるけど……どっちに座ればいいんだ？）=(Hmmm? There are two empty seats... which one is mine then?)
俺は先生に指定されたと思っていた席につこうとして、その隣りも空席だったことに気が付く。=As I got near the seat Sensei pointed out, I noticed the seat next to it was also empty.
野乃花=Nonoka
「何か分からないことがあったらお隣りの水瀬さんに聞いてね……って、あら？　水瀬さん、今日はお休みかしら」=“If you have any questions, just ask Minase-san sitting next to you... oh? Is Minase-san taking the day off today?”
「とりあえず、キミの席はそこだから座って大丈夫よ」=“Anyway, that there's your seat so you can sit down.”
「あ、はい」=“Ah, okay.”
俺が席につくと、櫻井先生は改めて連絡事項などを伝えはじめる。=After I sat down, Sakurai-sensei started informing us about recent and upcoming events along with other small things to note.
その間、私語を話す子はいなかったけれど、代わりに無数のアイコンタクトが飛び交っていた。=During that time, no one else was talking, but in its place were countless eyes glancing towards me.
否定的な空気じゃないのが唯一の救いだけど、それでも肩身が狭いことには変わりない。=The saving grace was that they weren't exactly negative, but still it didn't make me feel any less ashamed.
よく借りてきた猫って言うけれど、まさにそんな気分だ。=“Out of your element” or so they say. That's exactly how I feel at the moment.
（でも、そんなことばかり言ってられないよな。今のうちにみんなと仲良くなるきっかけを見つけておかないと……）=(But I can't be like that now, can I? I need to find an opportunity to get along with everyone as soon as possible...)
（せめて、隣りの子が休みじゃなかったらな……）=(At the very least, if the girl next to me wasn't absent today...)
そう思って目線だけ隣りの席を移してみる。落書きがしてあるわけでもなく、机の中にも何も入っていない。=With that thought in mind, I moved my eyes to the desk next to me. It didn't have doodles on it, and there was nothing inside.
（水瀬さん、とか言ってたっけ。どんな子なんだろう、仲良くできたらいいけど……）=(Minase-san, huh. I wonder what she's like. Would be nice if I could get along with her, but...)
そんなことを考えているうちに、櫻井先生は見ながら話していたノートを閉じた。=While I was thinking about this, Sakurai-sensei finished her address as she closed the notebook she had been focusing on.
「――今日の連絡事項はそんな感じね。うふふ、みんなちゃんと聞いてた？　なんだか浮足立ってるわよ～」=“-that's about it for today. Ufufu, did anybody manage to remember any of that? You all seem a bit out of it today~”
まさに今の俺を現すような言葉だが、櫻井先生の言葉は俺というより、女の子たちに向けられたものだった。=Sakurai-sensei's words perfectly describe how I feel at the moment, but they were more towards the girls in class and not myself personally.
「今までは好き放題してたかもしれないけど、男の子が来たからにはちゃんと女の子らしくしないとダメよ？」=“You may have been doing whatever you want until now, but you have to behave lady-like now that a boy has come to school, okay?”
「間違ってもナプキンを投げて渡したり、下着姿で歩くことのないようにね」=“So don't go walking around in your undies or trading sanitary items in the middle of class or any of that sort from now on, deal?”
なんという冗談を……と思ったが、女の子たちは苦笑いをして“気を付けます……”という空気を出している。=What kind of sick joke is this, I thought... but then the girls gave out dry laughs as if to say, “We'll be careful from now on”.
（そっか。普段は男の目線がないから、そこらへんの恥じらいがない……というか、必要ないのか……）=(Ah. Usually there wouldn't be any boys around, so they don't really feel embarrassed about that kind of stuff...or rather, there's no need to feel embarrassed...)
（でも、そうだよな……もし俺が男子校の生徒だったら。そして、女子の視線を気にしないでいいんだったら――）=(But, yeah... if I were in an all-boys school. And if I don't have to worry about any girls seeing me...)
そこには、異性がいると解放できない『自分』を観音開きにしている俺がいた……。=I could vividly picture a part of myself, one that I couldn't show off when in sight of the opposite sex, being released fully and wildly...
「異性がいるといないのとで、生活がどう変わるのか……それこそ学園長が皆さんに学んでほしいことの第一歩目なの」=“How would your everyday life change with and without the opposite sex beside you... that is the first step to what the principal wants you to learn.”
「せっかくの学園なんだから、色々なことを学んで、これからの人生に活かしましょうね」=“You'll only experience school once, so make sure you learn lots of things and put them to good use for the future ahead.”
「それじゃ、そろそろＨＲを終わりに……あら？」=“Well, that's it for today's homeroom... oh?”
櫻井先生の視線が廊下に向かったかと思うと、遠くの方から慌ただしい足音が近づいてくる。=As Sakurai-sensei turned towards the hall outside, I could hear the sounds of hurried footsteps from far off coming ever closer.
そして――。=And...
女の子=Girl
「もがもがんっ、もがもがもが～～っ！」=“Mnnnng, mnnnnng--!”
「あらあら。水瀬さん、ギリギリセーフね」=“My my. Minase-san, you made it just in time.”
（ＨＲが始まっちゃってるから、アウトなんじゃ……？）=(Homeroom is already done and over with, so isn't she technically late...?)
「それと、もぐもぐしながらお喋りなんてしたら、あそこにいる転校生くんに笑われちゃうわよ」=“And don't speak while you're still eating, or else you'd be laughed at by that new transfer student over there.”
「もが……？」=“Mnnng...?”
「もがっ！？」=“Mnnng!?”
「ご、ごめんなさいっ。まだ寝ぼけてて……」=“S-sorry. Guess I am still sleepy...”
「えっと、転校生さん、こんにちは……じゃなくて、おはよう！」=“Eh, hello, Mr. Transfer Student... no wait, good morning!”
「お、おはよう……？」=“G-good morning...?”
いきなりの挨拶に、俺も思わず朝の挨拶を返してしまった。=After the sudden greeting, I too impulsively greeted her back.
亜依=Ai
「それから、はじめまして！　私、水瀬亜依って言って、水泳部に所属してるよ」=“And also, nice to meet you! I'm Minase Ai, and I'm a member of the Swimming Club!”
「うふふ……水瀬さん、ＨＲの真っ最中なのに教壇の前で自己紹介したら、どっちが転校生なのか、わからなくなっちゃうわよ」=“Ufufu... Minase-san, if you introduce yourself in front of the class in the middle of homeroom, then who knows who the real transfer student is here?”
「あっ、すみません！　ダメだ、私完全に寝ぼけちゃってるっ」=“Ah, I'm sorry! Wait, I'm still in dreamland!”
先生の穏やかなツッコミと、あわふたする水瀬さんにクラス中がどっと沸いた。=The whole class broke into laughter after the stand-up comedy routine between Sakurai-sensei and Minase-san.
その笑いの暖かさで、彼女がどれだけクラスメイトから慕われているのかを感じることができた。=And from the warmth of their laughter, I could clearly feel how much everyone treasured her.
きっと、普段からクラスの雰囲気を明るくする、ムードメーカー的な存在なんだろう。=I'm sure that she's the sort of person who lightens the mood of the class every day.
「水瀬さんが場の空気をなごませてくれたところで、今度こそＨＲを終わりにしましょうか」=“And now that Minase-san has livened things up, we'll be ending homeroom this time.”
「転校生の水瀬さんは、とりあえず彼の隣りに座ってもらっていい？」=“May I now ask Minase-san, our next transfer student, sit next to him for the time being?”
櫻井先生のアドリブに再び教室が沸く。=The class broke out into laughter once again.
「うう～、やっちゃったぁ」=“Uuuu~, I really went and did it this time.”
水瀬さんも小走りで机と机の間を縫うと、俺の隣りの席にさっと座った。=Minase-san weaved between desks and quickly sat down next to me.
「えっとぉ……えへへ、これからよろしくね」=“Um... ehehehe, nice to meet you.”
「あはは……うん、よろしくね」=“Ahaha... yeah, nice to meet you too.”
お互いに小声で挨拶を交わすと、水瀬さんは照れ臭そうにはにかんだ。=After greeting each other in whispers, Minase-san showed a flustered smile.
ＨＲが終わると、クラス中が一時間目の授業の準備を始める。=As homeroom ended, the entire class started preparing for first period.
俺も鞄の中から教科書やノートを取り出して……ついでに筆箱からシャーペンと消しゴムを取り出して……またしまったりして。=I too took my textbooks and notebooks out... as well as my pencil and eraser and some other stuff.
（……どうしよう、やることがない）=(...now what? I have nothing to do.)
前の学園では男友達と適当に喋ってたわけだけど、ここはその『男友達』が存在しない世界。=Before I'd usually chat about random things with my guy friends, but this is a world where those 'guy friends' don't exist.
見渡す限りの女の子、そして見渡した分だけ視線を逸らされる、そんな空間。=Girls all around, and whenever you make eye contact with one of them, they quickly avert their eyes. That sort of world.
（まあ、転校初日ってこんな感じだよね……馴染めてないというか、距離感がつかめないというか）=(Well, I guess it's bound to be like this when you've just transferred in... You can't blend in well, and you don't know what each person's comfort zone is like.)
それが女子校ならなおさらだろう。=And it's more so the case when it's an all-girls school.
（あっちも男の俺に警戒してるだろうし、無理して話しかけない方がいいかもしれないな）=(They probably are also wary of me, so it might be better that I don't force myself into a conversation at this moment.)
何かのきっかけでみんなの輪に入れるタイミングがあるかもしれない。とにかく今は、ちょっと気まずくても気長に待とう。=There may well be a chance for me to get into their circle soon. I'll wait patiently for now, even though things might be a bit awkward.
？？？=???
「やっほー」=“Yoo-hoo!”
「わあっ！？」=“Waa!?”
「ふえあっ！？　ご、ごめんね？　驚かせちゃったかな……？」=“Fueh!? S-sorry? Did I surprise you...?”
びっくりして声の方を向くと、俺と同じようにびっくりしている水瀬さんがいた。=Surprised, I turned around and saw Minase-san, who was just as surprised as I was.
「いや、こっちこそゴメン……ぼーっとしてて」=“Ah no, I'm sorry too... my mind was elsewhere.”
「えへへ、キミも寝坊？　って、そんなわけないか。さっきは自己紹介聞けなくてごめんね」=“Ehehe, are you in dreamland too? On second thought, that's an obvious no. Anyways, sorry I was late for your introduction.”
「いや……逆に聞かなくてよかったかも。かなり緊張して格好つかなかったから」=“Ah, well... on the contrary, it might have been for the better that you didn't hear that. I kinda got nervous and made a fool of myself.”
櫻井先生の無茶ぶりやら、敬語へのツッコミでボロボロだった自己紹介を思い出して、思わず苦笑いを浮かべてしまう。=Without a thought, I laughed forcefully as memories of that messy introduction came to mind once again.
「そうだったんだー。でも、やりきったんでしょ？　私が逆の立場だったら、きっとカチコチに固まって、何も出来なくなっちゃうと思う」=“So that's what happened. But you still did it, didn't you? If that were me, I'd probably be all stiff and unable to do or say anything.”
「だから、格好悪くても言えただけ凄いと思うよ……なんて、実際に聞いてないから説得力ないけどね」=“So, I think it's amazing that you said anything even if it wasn't smooth... but I wasn't there to listen, so that might not be convincing.”
「いや、そんなことないよ」=“Oh no, not at all.”
水瀬さんと話していると、さっきまで感じていたアウェー感が驚くぐらいなくなっていた。=To my surprise, talking with Minase-san helped clear away those feelings of distance from before.
きっと、それほど不安だったんだろうし、水瀬さんに話しかけられて安心したんだろう。=I must have been quite anxious and equally relieved when Minase-san talked to me.
「水瀬さんのお陰でだいぶ気が楽になったよ」=“I'm feeling a lot better now thanks to you, Minase-san.”
「えへへ、それならよかったぁ。でもさ、考えてみたら相当緊張するよね。女の子しかいないクラスに男の子一人だけだもん」=“Ehehe, if so, I'm glad to hear that. But now that I think about it, it must have been quite nerve-wracking. Being the only boy in a class full of girls.”
「私だったら男子校に転入なんて……うーん、やっぱり想像つかないよ。実際に転入してみてどんな感じ？　何が違う？」=“If I was to transfer to an all-boys school... I can't imagine it. So what're your thoughts now that you've actually transferred here? Any differences?”
ズバズバと切りこんでくる水瀬さんに内心驚きつつも、改めて女子校の印象を考える。=Caught off guard by Minase-san's straightforwardness and onslaught of questions, I once again formalized my perception of this school.
大きな違いは女の子しかいないことだけど、それによって明らかな違いが生じているのは事実だった。=On the surface, the only big difference is that there are only girls. But there are quite a few undeniable differences arising from that.
（ただ、今ここでソレを言ったら、俺が変態扱いされてしまうような……）=(But, if I were to say it out loud here, I'd probably be labeled a pervert...)
「お、その顔！　やっぱり何かあるんだ」=“Oh, that face! So there really is a difference.”
「……いや、言わない方がいいかも」=“...well, maybe it's best that we don't talk about it here.”
「えっ、なんで？　逆に気になるよ！」=“Eh, what for? You've only made me more curious if anything!”
「いや……その、においがね」=“Ah, well... you know, the smell is...”
「におい？」=“The smell?”
「うん。においが、こう……むせかえるというか、女の子のにおいが、むわっと」=“Yeah. The smell, it's kinda... the smell of girls is overpowering.”
って、俺は何を言ってるんだ！？=Wait, what am I saying!?
「ご、ごめん今のはナシ！　なんというか、言い方が悪かった！」=“S-sorry, I'll take that one back! I kinda worded that badly somehow!”
「え、そう？　なんか納得しちゃったけど」=“Eh, really? It kinda made sense though.”
「女の子って制汗剤使いまくったり、ちゃっかりお化粧してたりするから、そういうのかなーって」=“We girls use a lot of perfume and put on a lot of make-up, so I kinda guessed that's why.”
なるほど。教室に入った瞬間から感じてた『言いようもないにおい』の正体は、そういった女の子の要素が全部混ざったものなのか。=I see. So that's the culprit behind the indescribable smell I got right when I entered the classroom. A combination of all those girly factors.
「いや、そういうことを男の俺が言ったら、気持ち悪いかなって……」=“Well, I thought it'd be awkward if a boy were to say those sorts of things to a girl...”
「それは大丈夫じゃない？　だってキミ、普通にいい人そうだし」=“Isn't that okay? After all, you seem like a nice guy.”
「そういう問題なの？　というか、いい人？　どこらへんが？」=“Is that so? Wait, nice guy? Which part of me exactly?”
「うーん。誠意っていうのかなぁ……次の授業の準備をしてるときも周りに気を配ってたし、今だってすぐに訂正したし……」=“Hmmm. Your sincerity, I'd say... You were mindful of everyone while preparing for class, and right now you took back what you just said...”
「女の子って案外、男の子のそういうところを見てるんじゃないかなぁ？　だから、キミは素直に何でも言っちゃったらいいと思うよ」=“Maybe it's that girls see that in boys more than you would think, no? I think it's fine for you to just be honest and say what's on your mind.”
「そ、そんなこと……」=“I-it can't be that...”
（……いや、そういう『女の子ならではの視点』は大事かもしれないな）=(...no, wait. That kind of 'from the girls' side of things' may be more important than I first thought.)
（これからはコイカツ部の活動を通じて、女の子と仲良くならないといけないんだから……）=(I do have to get intimate with the girls through the Koikatsu club from now on, after all...)
（素直に何でも言う……か。よし、これを意識して女の子にアタックしてみよう！）=(Be honest and say what's on my mind... huh. Alright, let's try approaching girls with that mentality!)
「ありがとう水瀬さん、参考になったよ」=“Thank you, Minase-san, that was very enlightening.”
「え？　参考になったのは私の方だと思うけど……役に立てたならよかった」=“Eh? I think it's me who was enlightened... but if that helped you in any way then I'm glad.”
「あ、授業始まるね」=“Ah, the next period is about to start.”
水瀬さんはまだ準備してなかった教科書を慌てて鞄から取り出した。=Minase-san still hasn't prepared anything, so she hastily took out her textbook.
そして、思い出したように俺の方へ向き直る。=And, suddenly remembering something important, she turned her head back to me.
「ねね、女の子ばっかりで疲れちゃうかもしれないけど、私でよかったら何でも相談してね」=“Hey, I know it may be tiring with just girls around, but if you ever need anything, feel free to come to me, okay?”
それは、どんな言葉よりも頼もしく感じられた。=Those words felt more reliable than anything else.
（正直、本当に女の子しかいなくて萎縮しちゃってたけれど、ちゃんと話せば理解し合えるんだな）=(Honestly, I kinda felt isolated at first with really no one else but girls, but we really can reach an understanding if we communicate properly with each other.)
（初日にそれがわかっただけでも大収穫だ）=(Knowing that, I've already made big progress considering it's still just my first day.)
俺はいつの間にか肩が軽く、視線が上向きになっていることに気が付いた。=Sooner than I had realized, my shoulders felt lighter and my eyes weren't staring down anymore.
（よし……勉強に運動に、そしてコイカツに……青春を謳歌するぞ！）=(Okay... study, exercise, and Koikatsu... let's enjoy youth to its fullest!)
