「うわ、もう日が落ちてきちゃった……どうしよっか？　最後にこれだけは乗っておきたいとかある？」=“I'm sure he knows I've been having erotic fantasies.　Is this the last thing you want to ride?”
「私は……特に無いですね。もう十分、幸せ過ぎるくらいに遊園地を堪能させて頂きましたから、後は貴方にお任せいたします」=“I don't have anything in particular in mind for ... I've already enjoyed the amusement park too much to be happy about it, so I'll leave the rest to you.”
CHOICE:『それなら、最後に観覧車に乗らない？』=Then, why don't we take a ride on the Ferris wheel at the end?
CHOICE:『暗くなる前に帰ろうか』=『Shall we go home before it turns dark?』
「それなら、観覧車に乗っていかない？　最後にゆっくり、夜の遊園地を見下ろすって感じで」=“Why don't we go for a ride on the Ferris wheel then?　Then why don't we take a ride on the Ferris wheel, so we can take our time and look down on the park at night?”
「はい、とてもいい案だと思います。観覧車、是非ご一緒させてください」=“Yes, I think that's a very good idea. Yes, I think that's a great idea. I'd love to join you on the Ferris wheel.”
「よかったぁ……観覧車なんて退屈そうって言われたら、どうしようかと思ってたよ」=“Thank God... I was afraid you'd be bored on the Ferris wheel.”
「ふふ、それはいらぬ心配ですね。貴方と一緒なら、何に乗っても退屈ということはありませんから」=“I was afraid you would be bored on the Ferris wheel. With you, there's never a dull moment, no matter what we ride.”
「もう少し居たいけど……閉園までいると帰宅ラッシュに巻き込まれそうだし、今日は早めに帰ろうか」=“I'd like to stay a little longer, but ... I'm afraid I'll get caught up in the rush if I stay until the park closes, so let's go home early today.”
「……そうですね。少し時間をずらした方が、最後まで気持ちよく過ごせそうですし」=“I'd like to stay a little longer, but I'm afraid I'll get caught in the rush if I stay until the park closes. I'd like to stay a little longer, but if we stay until the park closes, we'll be caught up in the rush home.”
「じゃあ最後に、記念写真でも撮って、それで遊園地とはお別れしよう」=“Then let's take a commemorative photo and say goodbye to the amusement park.”
「ぁ、でしたらその……一度お手洗いに行かせて頂いてもよろしいですか？」=“Oh, and ... may I use the restroom for a moment?”
「うん、いいよ。俺も行っておこうかな……お互い終わったら、またここで待ち合わせってことで」=“Yeah, sure. I'll go with you... When we're both done, we'll meet back here.”
（[H名]、きっと写真映りを気にして髪型とか直しに行ったのかな？　なんかいいなぁ、女の子って感じで……）=(H name, I wonder if she went to fix her hair or something to make it look better in the picture?　It's kind of nice to be a girl...)
