「喫茶店てさ、男一人ではちょっと入り辛いんだよね」=Places like cafés and such, it's kinda hard for a guy to go in alone.
「どうして？　一人でいる男の人なんて、結構いるわよ？」=Why? I can see tons of guys here that are sitting by themselves.
「あー、そういうのって、お洒落な人達でしょ？　なんかノートパソコンとか広げて、カッコよく仕事しちゃってるみたいな」=Ah, those types of men, are pretty stylish though? The type that looks like they're doing cool things on their laptop and such.
「言い方に棘があるわね……何か嫌な事でもあったの？」=Those sure are some harsh words... Did something bad happen?
「そういうわけじゃないけど、[H名]は一人で喫茶店にいる男の人って、どう思う？」=Not really, but, [H名], what do you think about those types of guys who can come in by themselves?
「うーん、なんとなく余裕がある人が多いように見えるわね。だから、カッコよく見えたりもするんじゃない？」=Well, there are a lot of people who look confident doing this. I suppose they look a bit cool because of that?
「そっかぁ……じゃあ、俺も今度は一人で入ってみようかなぁ……」=I see... Then, maybe I'll try going to a café alone next time...
「別に無理して入ることは無いと思うけど。カッコよく見られたいなら、尚更そういう義務感みたいなものは捨てないと」=I don't think you need to force yourself. Although, if you wanna look cool that badly, I think looking like you have important work to do might help.
「たしかに……フラッと入って、サッと出ていくから……カッコいいんだよね」=Certainly... coming in and then leaving quickly... that would be cool.
「カッコよさなんて、人それぞれよ。それより、キミらしさを大事にした方がいいんじゃない？」=Every person has different standards of coolness anyway. Rather, isn't it better to just be yourself instead?
「俺らしさかぁ……[H名]から見て、俺らしさってどんなところ？」=Being myself, huh... Then, from [H名]'s perspective, what do you think I'm like?
「それを聞いちゃうようじゃまだまだね。カッコイイとか、お洒落な人って、たぶん人目を気にしながらも根は自由なんだと思うの」=You're not ready to hear that. But, cool and sharp people like that, I think, while they love the attention, in the end, they're free people who do as they like.
「人目を気にするけど自由……うぅ、お洒落ってやっぱり難しいなぁ……」=Attention seeking yet free... Uuu, Being fashionable and stuff sure is hard...
「うーん、普通に仕事している人とかならいいけど、あからさまに自分に酔っているだけの人とかは嫌ね」=Well, it's fine if they're just doing their job, but people who do nothing aside from being blatantly narcissistic are kinda unpleasant.
「そうそれ！　なんか一人で喫茶店に入る男の人って、そんな感じがしてさ……偏見だとは思うんだけど」=Right, that's what I was trying to say! That's why men have a hard time usually entering cafés and stuff alone, because people will think they're narcissistic... I think it's a prejudice.
「気持はわかるけれど、色々な人がいるんだもの。別にキミが気にすることでもないと思うわよ」=I understand what you're trying to say, but there's lots of different kinds of people. I don't think you need to mind it that much.
「うっ……そう言われるとその通りなんだけど……はは、なんかカッコ悪いところ見せちゃったね……」=Uuu... when you say it like that, I can't disagree... Haha, I ended up showing you an uncool side of me...
「そんなことないわ。私もお洒落とかには無頓着なところがあるから、そういう人ばかりが集まる喫茶店は苦手ね」=That's not true. I'm not all that fashionable and stylish either, so I don't go to these sorts of places much myself.
「その点、ここはいいね。色んな人がいるけど、ほのぼのした感じで……安らぐっていうのかな」=On that note, it's nice here. Lots of different kinds of people gather here, but it sort of feels heartwarming... It makes me feel at ease.
「ええ、だから盛況なのでしょうね。この喫茶店は変に飾ったところがなくて、私も好きよ」=Yep, I guess that's why it's popular. It doesn't have a pretentious atmosphere, so I like it too.
