//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
私達相手に、おまえがどこまで耐えられるか、フフッ、期待しているぞ=Just how long will you be able to bear our combined assault, fufu--, I'm looking forward to finding out.
どうだ？　おまえのチンポに女が群がる光景というのは、なかなか刺激的だろ？=How is it? The sight of a bunch of women gathering around your cock, it's pretty stimulating, right?
自分がどれだけ贅沢者か、わかっているか？　普通、女二人になんて、してもらえないぞ=Do you understand just how lucky you are? Normally, you would never get to do it with two women at once.
チンポ震えてるぞ、武者震いか？　それとも、私達にされるのが怖いのか？=Your dick is twitching, you know. Is it from excitement? Or is it afraid of being eaten up by the two of us?
あまり情けない姿を晒すなよ？　今日は、私だけじゃないぞ？=Don't expose too much of your pathetic side today, okay? I'm not the only one here, you know?
どうせすぐにイってしまうとは思うが……私達が満足するまで、付き合ってもらうからな=I imaigne you're going to break and cum in no time but... We'll have you keep us company till we're satisfied.
こら、腰を引こうとするな、これくらいで逃げ出していたら、私達の責めは耐えられないぞ？=Hey, don't try to pull your hips back, if you run away from just this much, you won't be able to bear our combined assault, you know?
どんな気分だ？　二人の女に舐め回されて、正に天国って感じか？=How does it feel? Being licked up and down by two women at once, does it feel like paradise?
もっと大きくしていいんだぞ……舐めるところが多い方が……私達も燃えてくる……=You can make it bigger if you want... We'll get fired up too... if we have more to lick...
こんなゆっくりでも、チンポ熱くして……私達が本気を出したら、どうなるんだろうな？=It's getting so hot, even though we're going so slowly... If we brought out our 100%, I wonder what'll happen to it?
ほらほら、二枚の舌に責められて……贅沢な快楽に、溺れてしまえっ=Go on, drown in the pleasure--... the luxurious pleasure of being attacked by two tongues at once--
我慢汁が出て来たな……これを女に嗅がせると、取り返しがつかなくなるぞ？=Your pre-cum's starting to come out... There's no going back after making us girls smell this, you know?
これに慣れてしまったら、一人のオナニーなんかじゃ、もうイケなくなるんじゃないか？=If you get used to this, won't you become entirely incapable of cumming from masturbation?
もっとだ、もっと情けない声で喘げっ……私達は、それが聞きたくて舐めてるんだっ=More, pant even more, with an even more pathetic voice--... We're licking you because we want to hear that--
どっちの舌が気持ちいい？　怒らないから、正直に言ってみろ……=Does my tongue feel better? I won't get mad, so be honest with me...
協力しておまえをイカせるべきなんだが……いかんな、つい独り占めしたくなる……=I ought to cooperate with her to make you cum but... no good, I just can't help but want to monopolize you...
息が荒くなってるぞ……二人相手は、やはりキツイか？=Your breathing is getting rough, you know... Two partners at once really is tough, huh?
いい声が出て来たな……私がきちんと、感じさせてる証拠だっ=Those are some nice moans... It's proof that I'm making you feel great--
おまえは頑張った方だよっ……でも、もう限界だろ？　潔くイってしまえっ=You've done your best--... But, you should be at your limit, no? Be a man and cum--
先っぽパンパンになってきたな……今にも射精しそうで、ドキドキさせてくれるっ=The tip is so puffed up... seems like you could ejaculate anytime, so exciting--
わかるだろ？　もうそろそろだ、二人でこいつを、イカせてやろうっ=You can tell, right? He's almost there, let's make him cum together--
おいおい、情けない声を出すな、まるで私達が、苛めてるみたいじゃないか=Oi oi, don't make such pathetic sounds, doesn't that make it seem like we're bullying you?
ほら、精液出そうなんだろ？　私達の前で、無様に喘いで、射精してみせろっ=Come on, you feel like shooting out your semen, no? Pant pathetically, and ejaculate in front of us--
イカせて欲しい時は、何て言うんだ？　相手が二人に増えても、そこは変わらないぞ=What are the magic words for when you want us to make you cum? Even if there's two of us now, you still have to do it.
私は飲んでやっても良かったんだがな、おまえが外に出したいと言うのなら、仕方ないっ=I would have been fine with drinking it, but I suppose if you want to do it outside, then it can't be helped--
なんだ、チンポミルクくれないのか？　まぁいい、その分盛大に、射精するんだぞっ=What, not gonna give me your dick milk? Well, whatever, but you have to ejaculate lots in return--
私達にイクとこ見て欲しいんだな？　いいぞ、おまえの射精、一番近くで見ててやるっ=You want us to watch you cum, don't you? Alright, I'll watch your ejaculation, from real up close--
そうだな、ザーメン独り占めはよくないなっ……おまえ、優しいじゃないかっ=That's right, monopolizing your semen is a big no-no--... You're so kind--
思い切り吐き出していいぞっ、私の口で全部受け止めてやるっ=You can shoot it out as hard as you want to--, I'll catch it all with my mouth--
それでいいっ、おまえはただ気持ち良くなっていろ、後は私達が、射精させてやるっ=Good, that's good--, you just need to feel good, we'll make you ejaculate--
悪いな、こいつの精液は、私が全部、もらう事になりそうだっ=Sorry, seems like I'll be getting, all of his semen--
いいぞっ、口の中で先っぽ舐め回して、たっぷりザーメン、出るようにしてやるっ=Go ahead--, I'll lick up your dick's tip inside my mouth, and make sure you shoot out lots of semen--
フッ、オチンポ反り返らせてっ、私達に、射精を見せつける気だなっ=Hah, your dick's bending back so much--, you want to show us your ejaculation, huh--
さぁイケっ、私達の前で、ぐつぐつに煮えた精液、全部吐き出してみせろっ=Alright, cum--, shoot out all of your piping hot semen, in front of us--
精液、少しくらい零しても大丈夫だぞ？　ちゃんと私が、舐め取るから……=It'll be fine if you spill a bit of his semen, you know? I'll lick it all off properly...
出てる間も、遠慮せず舐め回してやれっ……オチンポ跳ねて、面白いぞっ=Keep licking him even when he's cumming--... It's really fun, the way his dick bounces around--
うぁっ、なんて量だっ、ははっ、二人分出してくれたのか？=Uwah--, what a huge amount--, haha--, did you shoot out enough for the both of us?
はぁっ、これだけ出させれば……私達の完勝だなっ=Haa--, if we can make you cum this much... that means it's our complete victory, isn't it--
うぅ、精液独り占めか……私だって、半分は貰う権利がある筈だ……=Uuu, monopolizing all his semen... I ought to have the right to get about half of it too...
どうだ？　精液濃いか？　一気に飲まないで、私にも少し見せてくれ=How is it? Is it strong? Don't just drink it all in one go, show it to me too.
あぁっ、なんて匂いだ……私達女を発情させる、悪い匂いだなこれは……=Aah--, what a smell... This is an evil smell, meant to make us women horny...
飲んでやってもよかったんだが……精液は女同士で舐め合うとするよ=I would have been fine with drinking it too... but I suppose we'll lick it off each other.
はぁ、精液出したばかりのオチンポ……今すぐむしゃぶりつきたくなる、なぁ、いいだろ？=Haa, your fresh post-nut cock... I want to suck on it right now, hey, should be fine, right?
あれだけ出したのに、まだ大きいままだな……よし、次は私の口に出せっ=Even though you came so much, it's still just as hard as before... Alright, shoot it in my mouth next--
本当に、全部飲んでしまうのか？　少しは分けてくれても……いいんだぞ？=Are you really going to drink all of it? I don't mind getting a bit too... you know?
今、女同士でキスしたら、またオチンポ勃起すると思うぞ？　やってみないか？=If the two of us kiss right now, I bet his dick will go rock hard again. Wanna try it?
いっぱい出されたら、飲んでやりたいって思うものだけどな……おまえは女心がわかってない=When you shoot out so much, it really makes us feel like drinking it though... You don't understand a woman's heart at all.
普通なら、汚らしいと思う光景だが……なんでこんなに、興奮するのだろうな……=Normally, I'd think of this as a really filthy sight but... Just why is it, so arousing...
（んんぶぅ！！んん…んぉ……んぶ…へぁ……んふ）=(Nnbuh!! Nnn... Nnoh... Nnbuh... Heaah... Nnfuu)
