//
// Dumped for Koikatsu v5.1 (CharaStudio) by KK_TextDump v1.4.6.0
//
私だけでも持て余すのに、二対一なんて……貴方、大丈夫なの？=Even though you have a hard time dealing with just me alone, doing the two of us at once... Sure you okay?
チンポは私に任せなさい。どう苛めれば喜ぶか、教えてあげるわ=Leave the dick to me. I'll show you just what sort of torture makes it happy.
期待はしていないけど、やるからには二人とも満足させてみなさい=I have no hopes but, since you're doing it, you might as well try to satisfy us both.
ほら、私に挿れたいんでしょう？　正直になりなさい=Come on, you wanna stick it in me, right? Be honest.
どっちに挿れても変わらないわよ、貴方が恥を晒すだけ=It doesn't matter which one of us you stick it into, all you'll manage to do is make a joke of yourself
ほら、愚図。やる気がないなら、女同士で楽しませてもらうけど？=Come on, dullard. If you're not going to do it, then we'll just have fun between ourselves, you know?
んふっ、見えるかしら？　全部咥え込んでやったわよ=nnfu--, I wonder if you can see? I've stuffed the whole thing in.
チンポ思い切り締め付けてあげるけど、それだけに夢中にならないこと=I'll clamp down real hard around you but, don't lose yourself in a trance over that.
貴方に上手くできるのかしら？　二か所を別々に動かすなんて=Moving two different parts individually, you think you can handle it?
いい感じに大きくなっているじゃない、二人相手で興奮してるのね？=You're nice and hard, getting aroused from having 2 partners, huh?
入れたのなら、さっさと始めなさい、どこまで愚図なの？=Since you've put it in, get going already, just how much of a dullard are you?
私の事をおざなりにしたら、承知しないわよ？=If you get careless with me, I won't excuse it, you know?
どう？　ヘタクソなら、はっきり言ってやっていいのよ？=How is it? If you can't handle the heat, you can say it outright, you know?
この男、チンポだけはまぁまぁよ、貴方も後で味わうといいわ=The only thing passable about this guy is his dick, you should try it too later.
もっと激しくできないのかしら？　私達、退屈しちゃうわよ？　ねぇ？=Can't you do it more intensely than that? We're going to get bored, you know? No?
ほら、私が少し締める付けると喘いじゃって、情けないでしょう？=Look, when I tighten around him a bit, he pants like that, isn't it pathetic?
なかなかやるじゃない、二人同時に、気持ちよくできるわよっ=You're doing pretty well, you're making both of us feel good at the same time--
二人とも、我慢しなくていいのよ？　良い声で鳴きなさいっ=Both of you, you don't need to hold back, you know? Cry out in a nice voice for me--
んぁっ、必死ね、貴方もこの子も、情けない声出ちゃってるわよっ=nnah--, so frantic, both you and this girl are letting out such pathetic moans--
貴方のハーレムでも作るつもり？　少し調子に乗り過ぎじゃない？=Trying to create your own harem, or something? Aren't you getting just a tad bit too carried away?
へぇ、チンポ気持ちよさそうね？　こんなゆっくりでも、満足なの？=Heh, your dick feels good, huh? Are you really satisfied, going this slow?
もっと喘いであげたら？　感じているフリでも、十分喜ぶわよ=Why not pant harder? Even if you only pretend that it feels good, it'll make him very happy, you know?
一瞬でもおざなりにしてみなさい、チンポを引き抜いて、へし折ってやるわよ？=Try being careless with me, even for a split second, Ill pull your dick out and crush it, you know?
粗末なモノで激しくされるよりは、こっちの方がマシかしらねっ=Rather than being done in intensely by that shabby thing, this might actually be better--
二人で先にイっちゃいましょ、私達だけ良ければ、それでいいのよ=We should both cum together ahead of him, it's fine as long as just the both of us feel good
かなり蕩けてるみたいね、男と違って、イキそうな顔可愛いわっ=You look so melty, unlike a boy, a girl's orgasmic expression is so cute--
イクの、私に合わせられる？　チンポじゃないと、刺激が足りないかしら？=I'm about to cum, can you match me? Or is the stimulation not enough, without the dick?
これならイケそうねっ、私達のマンコっ、最後まで気持ちよくなさいっ=We can cum if you keep this up, make our pussies feel good, all the way to the end--
少しキツイだろうけど、チンポ締め付けてやりなさい、面白いわよっ=I'm sure it'll be tough but, try clamping down harder on the dick, It's very fun you know--
あぁ、私もイキそうだわっ、二人とも気持ちよくされて、少し癪ねっ=Aah, I'm about to cum too--, to think you're able to make both of us feel good, it's a bit irritating--
必死に腰振っちゃって……随分その穴がお気に入りみたいね？=Moving your hips so frantically... Looks like you've taken quite a liking to that hole, huh?
ほら、どうせ我慢なんかできないのだから、早くイって交代なさい=Come on, not like you can endure it for long anyway, cum quickly then shift over.
あぁっ、わかるわっ、女同士だものっ、私達、イキそうになってるっ=Aaah--, I can tell--, We're both girls afterall--, We're both about to hit our climax--
私達、もうイキそうよっ……残念、貴方は仲間外れねっ=We're going to cum--... Sorry to say, you're not included--
私達だけでイきましょっ、男なんて、女を気持ちよくさせる道具よっ=Let's cum by ourselves--, Boys are just tools, for the pleasure of women--
二人分のマンコから、いやらしい音が響いてるわっ、あぁっ、イクっ=Obscene sounds are resounding out, from both of our pussies--, Aaah--, Cumming--
みんなでイキそうなんて、んぅっ、なんだか笑っちゃうわねっ=All of us cumming together, Nnn--, Somehow, it makes me wanna laugh--
フフッ、仲良くイってあげましょっ、男が泣くと、気持ち悪いからっ=Fufu--, Let's all get along and cum together--, It'd be unpleasant if the boy cries.
二人とも私に合わせなさいっ……いい？　そろそろイクわよっ=Both of you match my rhythm--... Alright? I'm about to cum--
私と一緒にイキなさいっ、みんなでイクのっ、命令よっ=Cum together with me--, All of us will cum together--, that's an order--
出せれば何でもいいのねっ、本当にケダモノだわっ=Anything is fine as long as you can cum, huh--, You truly are a beast--
精々たくさん出しなさいっ、私以外にも、呆れられないようにねっ=Shoot out lots, as much as you can--, even on her, so that she doesn't get fed up--
ちょっと、私にかけないでよ？　貴方のきったない精子っ=Hey, don't shoot it out on me, okay? Your filthy semen--
鼻を塞いでいた方がいいわっ、あの精液の匂い、かなり強烈よ=You should plug up your nose--, his semen's smell is pretty damn severe.
フッ、仲良くイっちゃって……ほんと、どうしようもないわね=Hah, we came together... truly, can't be helped, can you?
この満足感……やっぱり苛めるのはチンポに限るわね=This feeling of satisfaction... As I thought, your dick's truly the best thing to tease.
貴方、やるじゃない。どうせ、男一人でイクのだろうと思っていたわ=Huh, you managed it. I was sure you were going to cum by yourself.
んふっ、中でまだ震えてるわ、私のマンコから離れたくないみたい=nnfu-- It's still quivering inside me, looks like it doesn't wanna be apart from my pussy
どうやら上手く出来たみたいね、私だけでも、褒めてあげるわ=Looks like you managed to pull it off somehow, good job, atleast in my opinion.
よかったわね？　私なら、貴方一人だけでイカせていたところよ？=Aren't you glad? If it was just me, I'd have made you cum by yourself, you know?
さて、余興は終わりよ……次は私が、チンポを苛めてあげる=Now then, that's enough of the appetizer... Next up, I'll torment your dick
ほら、イカせて欲しいなら、次は私のマンコに入れなさい=Come on, if you want us to let you cum, then put it in my pussy next
ずっと私としていたら、貴方が干からびてしまいそうね……交代する？=If you keep doing it with me, feels like you'll dry up completely... Wanna switch?
これでよーくわかったでしょう？　そのチンポが、誰のモノなのか=With this, you should understand well by now, right? Just who that dick belongs to
やっぱり、チンポだけはなかなかね。じっくり躾けた甲斐があったわ=As I thought, your dick's the only passable part. It really was worth taking my time to discipline you.
もっと私のマンコで苛めて欲しいのでしょう？　いいわよ、来なさい=You want me to torment you with my pussy even more, right? Alright, come here.
フフッ、イケなくて辛そうね？　私なら、楽にしてあげられるわよ？=Fufu--, It's rough, isn't it, not being able to cum? I can relieve it for you, you know?
ふぅ、確かにイったけど、私はこれだけじゃ不満ね=Fuu, Certainly, I did cum, but I'm completely unsatisfied with just this much
それでは生ぬるいでしょう？　もっと強烈な快楽、欲しくない？=Won't it be lukewarm then? Don't you want more intense pleasure?
まだ大きいままね……私に苛められたいと、素直に言いなさい=Still big huh... If you want to be teased by me, then say it honestly.
よくもまぁ、そんなに出したものね……=Quite the balls you've got, letting out so much...
ちょっと、いつもより量が多くないかしら？　どういう事？=Hey, isn't the amount way more than usual? What's with that?
イッちゃうぅぅぅぅっ！=I'm cummminnnnnng--!
無理、イクぅぅぅっ！=I can't--, cumming----!
イク、イク、イッちゃぁぁぁうっ！=cumming, cumming, I'm cumminnnng--!
イクッ、はぁぁぁぁぁぁーっ！=Cumming--, Haaaaaaaaaaaa--!
(初挿入)はぁ、まさか本当に貴方に処女を捧げるなんてね……何かの悪夢かしら=Haa, to think I really gave you my virginity... Is this a bad dream or something?
その無駄に大きくしたモノ、早く私に寄越しなさい=That pointlessly swollen up thing of yours, quickly hand it over to me.
何をしているの？　焦らすなんて生意気よ、早く挿れなさい=What are you doing? It's pretty brazen of you to keep me waiting, put it in quickly!
へぇ、私を焦らすなんて、貴方何様？　そのチンポは飾り？=Heh, making me wait for it, who do you think you are? Is that dick a decoration?
フフッ、私に食べられそうで怖い？=Fufu--, Scared of being eaten up by me?
私が好きなように動いて、イカせてあげる=I'll move as I want, and make you cum.
いい所を見せようとする必要はないわ。最初から期待していないから、緊張するだけ無駄よ=You don't need to go out of your way to show me your good sides or whatever. I never expected such a thing from you from the start, so there's no point in pointlessly stressing out about it!
ガチガチに勃起させて、このまま放っておいたら、貴方何もしなくても射精しそうね。フフフッ=Your dick's so stiff, I don't think there's a need to do anything, if I leave it as-is, I feel like you'll cum just like that. Fufufu--
焦らしているつもりならやめておきなさい、私の気は変わりやすいわよ=If your master plan was to tantalize me, just give it up already, I'm a pretty fickle person, you know?
ボケっとしてるなら、勝手に入れるわよ？　いきなり射精しても知らないから=If you're going to keep being idle like that, I'll put it in myself, alright? Don't blame me if you come instantly.
私に食べられる事を光栄に思いなさい=Be honoured, that you get to be eaten up by me
さぁ、入れるわよ、覚悟はいい？=Alright, I'm putting it in, have you prepared yourself?
興奮するのは構わないけど、調子に乗らないこと、わかった？=I don't mind if you get excited, just don't get carried away, got it?
私のマンコで、たっぷり可愛がってあげるわ=I'll torment you lots with my pussy!
フフッ、今日はどれくらい持つか楽しみね。いくら貴方だって、少しは慣れてきたでしょう？=Fufu--, I'm looking forward to seeing just how long you can hold on today. Even someone like you should have gotten a bit used to it by now, no?
あぁ、自分から、こんな汚いモノを入れるなんてっ=Aaah, to think I'm putting this filthy thing inside me myself--
貴方、震えてるの？　無理もないわね、この私に挿入しようというのだから=Are you shaking? Well, it's understandable, afterall, the one you're putting it into is me.
奥まで一気に突っ込みなさい。遠慮せずに、思い切り突き込むのよ？=Penetrate all the way to the back in one go. Without holding back, stuff it in with all your might!
私と繋がれる事に、感謝しながら入れなさい=Stuff it into me while being thankful that you get to be connected with me!
こんなにチンポビキビキにして、偉いわね、さぁ、私のマンコで狂いなさい=It's twitching so much, what a good dick, come, go insane from my pussy.
ほら、貴方を苛めてくれる、大好きマンコが包み込むわよ=Here, your beloved pussy with wrap around you, torment you.
何を考えているの？　貴方、避妊は常識よ？　それとも今すぐやめる？=What are you thinking about? Using contraception is common sense, you know? Or shall we stop this very instant?
ペニスをもがれたいの？　避妊くらい、言われなくともしなさい=You want your dick snapped off? Something like contraception, I shouldn't need to tell you to use it!
いいかげんゴムくらい最初から付けておきなさい=Learn to atleast put on a condom first thing, gosh!
生に憧れる気持ちもわからなくはないわ。でも、私とエッチできるというだけで貴方には十分過ぎる程よ=It's not like I don't understand the feeling of wanting to do it raw. But, just getting to have sex with me should be more than enough for you.
はぁ、ゴムを付け忘れてるわよ。それとも、生でしたいとか、甘い事を考えている？=Haa, you forgot to put on a condom, you know? Or is it that you're still thinking overly optimistic things like you'll get to do it raw?
そのだらしなく大きくしたモノに早くゴムを付けなさい。生でなんて、許さないわよ=Quickly put a condom on that disgustingly big thing of yours. Raw sex is completely forbidden.
貴方に責任なんて取れないでしょう？　イキがるのはやめて、素直にゴムを付けなさい=You can't take responsibility, can you? Stop putting on airs, obediently put on a condom.
私と生でしたいの？　フフッ、随分調子に乗っているようね。私が笑顔でいるうちに、早くゴムを付けなさい=You wanna do it raw? Fufu--, You've gotten quite cocky, haven't you? Quickly put on a condon, while I'm still sporting a smile.
貴方の子を産むなんて、考えただけでおぞましいわ。避妊はきっちりしなさい、命令よ=Just the thought of having your children is repulsive. Put on a condom properly, that's an order.
危険日に自分から付けてくれると、女は嬉しいものよ。覚えておきなさい=It makes women happy if you put it on yourself when it's an unsafe day for them. Remember that.
ふぅん、なんでゴムが付いていないのかしら？　そんなに去勢されたいの？=Hmmm,why aren't you using a condom, I wonder? Do you wanna be castrated that much?
危険日に生でなんて、許す筈ないでしょ。誰が率先して、貴方の子なんて産みたがると思うの？=Doing it raw on a dangerous day, obviously I can't excuse that. Who out there wants to take the initiative to have your children?
いちいち言わなければわからない？　今日は危険日よ、察しなさい=Can you really not understand without me having to point out every single thing? Today's an unsafe day, learn to take a hint.
今日は絶対ダメよ。今すぐゴムを付けなさい、私の手をわずらわせないで=Today is definitely no good. Put on a condom right this instant, don't make me do it myself.
私の危険日くらい、言われなくても察しなさい。ほら、さっさとゴムを付けるのよ=You should understand that it's a dangerous day for me today, without me having to tell you. Come on, put on a condom already!
貴方、何か勘違いしているようね。これは繁殖行為じゃない、私が貴方で遊んでるだけなのよ？=Looks like you're misunderstanding something. This is not an act of breeding, I am just playing around with you.
（処女）そう、そこが一番奥よ、貴方の粗末なモノでも届いたわね=That, That's the deepest place, even your humble and shabby cock reached it huh?
貴方のモノでも、入ってしまえば気持ちいいものね。さぁ、始めなさい=Even with your thing, it'll feel good if it goes in. Now then, start!
はい、到着。そこが終点よ、それより奥は子宮……勝手に入ったら、怒るからね？=It's arrived. That's the terminus, deeper ahead is the womb... If you stuff it in there willy-nilly, I'll get angry, okay?
んぁっ、貴方、また少し大きくなったんじゃない？　私の調教の賜物ね、ンッフフ=nnah--, you just got a bit bigger again, didn't you? It's the fruit of my training of you, isn't it, Nnfufu!
んふっ、中で震えてるのがわかるわ……もうイキそうなの？　まだ入れただけよ？=nnfu--, I can feel you quivering inside me... Are you about to cum already? You only just put it in you know?
早速情けない声をあげて……まだ始まったばかりよ？　簡単にイってもらっては困るわ=Letting out such pathetic moans this early... We've only just started, you know? It'll be quite troubling if you cum so easily!
貴方、チンポだけはいいもの持ってるわ……これだけで、飼ってる価値があるというものよ=Your dick's one of the few good things you have... With just that, it's worth to keep you as a pet!
どう？　私に食べられた気分は……んっ、そう簡単には離さないわよ=How is it, the feeling of being swallowed up by me... Nn--, I won't let you go so easily!
さぁ、確認よ。私が許可するまで、勝手に射精は禁止。わかってるわね？=Now then, time for a review. Until I give you permission, you're forbidden from cumming as you want. Got it?
いい？　貴方のチンポも精液も、全部私のもの。勝手にイったらタマを潰すわよ？=Listen up. Both your dick and your semen too, all of it belongs to me. If you cum without my say-so, I'll crush your balls!
動いたらすぐ出てしまいそうなのかしら？　フフッ=Feel like you're going to blow your load as soon as you move? Fufu--
入れる前より大きくなってるの、わかるわよ。フフッ、早く動いて欲しい？=It's bigger than it was when I put it in, I can tell. Fufu--, Want me to move already?
動かないなら、こっちからいくわよ？　私はそれでも全然構わないわ。むしろ好ましい=If you're not going to move, then I'll start doing it myself, you know? Not that I mind that, I actually prefer it.
この私を抱ける事に、改めて感動しているのかしら？　フフッ、早くしないと、夢が覚めてしまうわよ？=Are you feeling emotionally moved from being able to embrace me like this, all over again? Fufu--, If you don't get on with it quickly, you're going to wake up from this dream, you know?
奥までしっかり入ってるわよ、このままずっと硬くしていなさい=It's properly in, all the way to the back. Stay hard like this for the whole time.
さぁて、どう動いてやろうかしら、貴方のモノを、苛め尽くしてあげるわ=Now then, how shall I move? Ill torment your dick to death.
今更攻守交替とはいかないわよ？　貴方のチンポは、負けてしまう運命なの=You're not going to be able to take the offense now, you know? Your dick is fated to lose.
どう？　なかなかの締め付けでしょう？　このまま動かなくても、チンポイっちゃうんじゃない？=How is it? Quite tight, no? Even if I don't move, won't you just cum like this?
ほら、何を呆けているの？　ここからが本番でしょう？=Come on, what's the hold up? This is where it gets real, no?
ほら、動いてみなさい。貴方、どうせすぐイクのだから、見栄を張っても無駄よ=Come on, try moving. You're going to cum near instantly anyway, so it's useless to put on airs!
中のヒダが絡みついてるでしょう？　私の全身が、貴方を苛めたがってるのよ=The creases are coiling around you, no? My whole body wants to torment you.
もっとよ、もっと大きくしなさい、一番興奮が高まったところで、思いっきり擦り上げてあげるわ=Bigger, make it even bigger, I'll rub and squeeze you out when you're at your most aroused, with all my being
ほら、抜いてあげたわよ？　最後にひっかかるのが、なかなか気持ちいいわね=Here, I pulled it out for you. Being held back right at the end feels pretty good, doesn't it?
ここまで来て、まさかお尻でしたいなんて言わないわよね？　優柔不断は嫌いよ=You're not going to say that you're suddenly more interested in doing it in my ass instead, are you, after we've come this far? I hate indecisiveness!
抜けちゃったじゃないの？　下手糞ね=Didn't it slip out? You suck.
射精しそうになったの？　いい判断ね。勝手にイっていたら、キツイお仕置きが待ってたわよ=Felt like you reached your limit? Good call. If you came without permission, you'd be in some rather hot water!
貴方のモノ、私の愛液まみれになってるわよ？=Your thing's completely drenched in my lovejuices.
じゃあ、これで終わりね？　フフッ、何て言ったら、どうするかしら？=Then, we're wrapping it up here, right? Fufu--, If I actually said that, what would you do?
ほら、抜けちゃったわよ？　これからどうする気？=Hey, it's fallen out, you know? What do you feel like doing now?
んぅ？　何のつもりかしら？　まさか、私のマンコが気に入らないなんて、言わないわよね？=Nnn? What're you doing? No way, you're not going to say that my pussy doesn't feel good or whatever, are you?
フフッ、イキそうになったの？　だからといって、勝手に抜くのは感心しないわね=Fufu--, At your limit? Even if you are, pulling out your dick like that isn't something I can approve of!
出し入れする時が一番刺激が強いのよ？　変な時にイカないようにしなさい=The stimulation is at its most intense when pistoning like that, you know? Make sure you don't cum at a weird time.
大丈夫よ、チンポは溶けてないわ。ほら、早く挿れ直しなさい。トロトロに溶かしてあげるから=It's alright, your dick's not melted. Come on, quickly put it back in. I'll melt it down for you.
いいじゃない、正直予想以上よ、性器を繋げただけで、こんなに感じるものなのね=It's pretty good, honestly better than I expected, just from being connected at your genitals, it feels this good!
私の中は気持ちいいかしら？　貴方のはまぁまぁね、悪くはないわ=Do my insides feel good? Your's is pretty so-so I'd say, not bad though.
少しは腰使いもマシになってきたじゃない。ご褒美にキツく締め付けてあげるわ、ンッ……=You've gotten a bit better at using your hips. As your reward, I'll clamp down tight around you, Nn--...
もっと思い切りできないの？　フフッ、できないわよねぇ……貴方のチンポ、早くも射精しそうだもの=Can't you do it more boldly? Fufu--, You can't, can you... Your dick, it's already at it's limits afterall!
あはっ、少し動かしただけでビクビクしちゃって、貴方、今かなり情けない状態よ=Aha--, twitching so much just from a little bit of movement, you look rather pathetic right now, you know?
ゆっくりされると、チンポにキクでしょう？　んっふふ、たっぷり時間をかけて、味わってあげる=If I do it slowly, you can really feel it in your dick, right? nnfufu, I'll take my time and slowly savour it
ほらっ、チンポくらいしか取り柄がないんだからっ、私のマンコを満足させてみなさいっ=Come on--, you have nothing going for you besides your dick--, so try making atleast my pussy satisfied--
随分優しくしてくれるじゃない。それとも、強くできない理由があるのかしら？=You're being rather gentle, for once. Or is there a reason you can't do it with intensity?
はぁ、いい感じにほぐれてきたわ、まだまだこれからよ、気合を入れ直しなさい=Haa, It's loosened up nice and well, the real thing starts from here, so get some of your fire back.
あぁぁ、チンポ美味しっ、マンコでゆっくり食べるの、最高だわぁっ……=Aaaaa, your dick's so tasty--, slowly eating it up with my pussy, it's the best--...
へぇ、貴方もやればできるじゃない、セックスしてるって感じがしてきたわ=Heh, You can do it if you try, finally I feel we're actually having sex!
早く動くのは構わないけど、すぐにイったら、つまらないわよ？=I don't mind if you wanna move fast, but it'll be boring if you cum in no time, you know?
いいわ、もっと私を求めなさい、私の事だけ考えなさい、それ以外は何もいらないわ=Good, covet me more, think only of me, anything else is completely unnecessary.
あはっ、どんどん大きくなってるわ、そうよそれでいいの、私のマンコ、もっと拡げてみなさい=Aha--, It's steadily getting bigger, yes, just like that, keep going, spread my pussy out even further!
どう？　これだけ早くすれば、んぅっ、すぐにイっちゃいそうでしょう？=How is it? If I do it this fast, Nnnn--, you'll hit your limit in no time, no?
ほら、愚図な貴方の変わりに、私が早く動いてあげてるのよっ、感謝なさいっ=Come on, because you're such a dullard, I'm going out of my way to move fast for you--, Be thankful--
あはっ、中でチンポが跳ねてるわっ、やっぱり自分から動ける方が楽しいわねっ=Aha--, It's going so wild inside me--, As I thought, it's a lot more fun when I move by myself--
奥よ、もっと奥まで、思い切り突き込みなさい、子宮吸い付けて、先っぽ苛めてあげるわ=The back, don't hold back, thrust deeper, all the way to the back, I'll tease the tip of your dick, by sucking on it with my womb!
はぁ、いいわぁ、もっといい声で鳴きなさい、私はまだまだ満足してないわよっ=Haa, So good, cry out even more, I'm still not satisfied you know--
女に好き放題される気持ちはどう？　フフッ、貴方はこういう方が好きでしょ？=How does it feel, for a girl to do whatever she pleases to you? Fufu--, You prefer it like this, no?
どうしたの？　女の子みたいによがっちゃって？　随分弱々しくなっちゃったじゃない=What's up? Feeling satisfied like a girl does? You've become rather soft and girly, haven't you?
いい感じね、マンコかき混ぜられて、愛液が泡立ってきたわ……フフッ、本気汁ってやつよ=Feels nice, my pussy being scrampled up, the pussyjuice is foaming up... Fufu--, it's become the so called "love juice"
くぁっ、貴方のモノ、全部飲み込んでやったわ=Kuah--, I've swallowed up the whole of your thing
はぁっ、愛液が垂れてきたわ……喜びなさい、貴方のモノで感じてるのよ=Haa--, my love juices are dripping out... Be glad, I'm feeling pleasure from your thing!
いい腰つきよ、ゆっくりだけど力強くて……勝手に愛液が溢れてくれるわ=You've moving your hips pretty well, slow yet so powerful... My lovejuice is flowing out by itself!
いいわ、貴方がオスになるなら、私もメスになってあげる、もっと激しく、貪り合いましょうっ=So good, If you're going to be a pig, then I'll be a sow for you. Let's indulge in each other more fiercely--
あぁっ、貴方の形、わかるわっ……中で必死に、んぅっ、暴れてるっ……=Aaah--, I can feel the shape of your thing--... It's rioting around in me, Nnn--, so frantically--...
あぁっ、もっと硬く、もっと大きくなさいっ、私が気持ちよく、動けるようにっ=Aaah--, become even bigger, even harder--, so that I can move even more comfortably--, and feel even better--
んぁっ、チンポビクビク震えっぱなしじゃない、そろそろイキたい？　ダメよ、まだ許可しないわ=Nnah--, Your dick keeps twitching and quivering nonstop, gonna cum soon? You can't, I won't allow it just yet!
んっ、強いのいいじゃない……もっと大きくして、奥まで拡げてみなさいっ=Nn--, It's good when it's intense... Make it even bigger, spread it apart even more, all the way to the back!
チンポ、かなり熱くなってるわよ、もう射精したくてたまらないのでしょう？　ん？=Your dick's become rather hot, you know, the urge to cum, it's unbearable isn't it? Hmm?
ゆっくりすると、マンコのヒダ一つ一つが絡み付いてくるでしょう？　んっふっ、どこまで耐えられえるかしら？=If I do it slowly, each and every crease in my pussy wraps around your dick, doesn't it? nnfuu--, Just how long will you be able to hold on, I wonder?
あぁっ、いい角度を見つけたわっ、このまま激しくすれば、私もイケそうよっ=Aaah--, I've found a good angle--, If I keep going at it like this, I'll reach my limit too--
いいわっ、この感じ最高っ、貴方を犯してるって感じがするわっ=This is great--, This feeling is the best--, I feel like I'm violating you--
さぁ、ここからよ、どれだけ私を満足させられるかっ、貴方の意地を見せてみなさいっ=Now then, this is the real deal, show me, just how much you can satisfy me, show me your willpower!
私のアクメ顔、見てみたいでしょ？　ならもっと必死になりなさい、私をイカせる事だけ考えるのっ=You wanna see my orgasmic expression, don't you? Then work even more frantically, think only about making me cum--
んぅ？　イキそうなのかしら？　貴方、凄い汗よ……息も荒くて……んぁぁっ……=Nn? Are you about to cum? You're sweating a lot... your breathing is rough too... Nnahh--...
あぁっ、いいわ、子宮まで、チンポの先が届いてるわっ…このまま堪えてみせなさい=Aaah--, So good, the tip of your dick's hitting against my womb--... Just like this, keep enduring it
はぁ,いいっ,脈打ってる限界チンポ苛めるの最高っ,これはマンコにキクわっ=Haa, Good--, tormenting your pulsating edging dick is the best--, my pussy feels so good--
やっと気持ちよくなってきたわ……貴方、どこまで愚図なのっ？　フフッ=It's finally started feeling good... Just how much of a dullard are you?-- Fufu--
子宮で吸い付かれるの、最高でしょ？　ほら、もっとグリグリしてあげるっ=Being sucked on by my womb, feels the best, doesn't it? Here, I'll grind against it even more--
あらあら、すっかり可愛くなっちゃって、縮こまって腰を震わせてる貴方、最高に情けないわよぉっ=Oh my, you've become so thoroughly adorable, curling up and quivering your hips like that, it's the most pathetic look ever--
んっ、先が膨らんできたわよ？　まさか、射精する気？=Nn--, your tip's swelled up, you know? perhaps, feel like cumming?
もうイキたい？　ねぇ、イキたいんでしょ？　ダメよ、まだイッちゃだめ=Wanna cum already? Hey, you wanna cum, don't you? You can't, not yet!
貴方、いつまでたっても童貞みたいね、すぐイキたがるのがその証拠よ……フフフッ=No matter how much time passes, you'll still be like a virgin, the fact that you're already at your limit is the proof... Fufufu--
あら、だらしなく腰を震わせて、まさかもうイキそうなの？　そんな事、あるわけないわよねぇ=Oh my, you're moving your hips so loosely, already at your limit? No way, right?
なに？　もうイキそうなの？　女を満足させないうちにイクなんて、最低よ？=What? About to cum already? Cumming before satisfying the girl, it's the worst thing ever, you know?
中で震えてるのわかるわよ、粗末なモノでも、射精はできるのかしら？=I can feel you quivering inside me, can you really cum, with how shabby your cock is?
何故チンポを震わせてるの？　射精の許可なんてしてないわよ？　私に逆らうつもり？=Why are you making your dick quiver so much? I haven't given you my permission to cum, you know? Trying to disobey me?
知ってる？　射精したい時の貴方の声、これ以上ないくらい惨めなのよ？　フフッ=Do you know? When you're at your limit, your voice is the most miserable it ever gets. Fufu--
ちょっと、勝手にイこうとしないで、まだダメよ、許さないわ=Stop, don't cum by yourself, you can't yet, I won't allow you to!
こら、すぐそうやってイこうとする、一人よがりなら、オナニーでもしてなさい=Hey, if you're going to be so self-serving and cumming by yourself that fast, then go masturbate or something!
さぁ、イキたい時は何て言うのかしら？　上手におねだりできたら、考えてあげてもいいわよ=Now then, what are you supposed to say when you want to cum? If you plead to me sincerely enough, I might actually consider it...
いますぐ精液、ビューって吐き出したい？　フフッ、ダーメっ。チンポ壊れるまで、我慢しなさい=You want to shoot out your semen, pew-pew, right this very moment? Fufu--, no can do. Endure it, till your dick breaks!
声がどんどん情けなくなってるわよ、気持ち悪いから、口閉じてなさい=Your voice is becoming more pathetic by the second, you know, it's pretty gross so shut your mouth!
これはね、私が気持ちよくなるためにやってる事なの、勝手にイったら、怒るわよ？=You know, I'm doing this all so I can feel good, if you cum by yourself, I'll get angry, alright?
精液あがってきてるのね、フフッ、お尻に力を入れて、射精我慢しなさい、勝手にイってはダメよ=Your semen's slowly rising up, Fufu--, put some strength in your ass, and endure the urge, you can't cum by yourself!
私のマンコ、そんなに気持ちいい？　フッ、当然よね、貴方を苛め抜くために、色々してきたもの=Does my pussy feel that good? Hah, of course it does, in order to tease and torment you to death, I've done so many things!
はぁ、無様ね、カッコ悪いわね、いいわよ、一人で惨めに、射精しなさい=Haa, what a disgrace. How uncool, alright, go ahead, miserably cum by yourself!
いいわよ、出しなさい、女々しい精液、中で受け止めてあげるわ=Sure, shoot it out, your unmanly semen, I'll accept it all inside me!
あら、誰が出していいと言ったのかしら？　んぅ？　これは後でお仕置き、決定ね=Oh my, who told you that it was okay to cum? Hmm? Looks like you'll need to be punished later!
はい、敗北宣言ね、そうよ、貴方はそうやって、私のマンコに、ずっと負け続ければいいのっ=A declaration of defeat huh, indeed, just like that, all you have to do is always keep losing to my pussy like that--
フフッ、そう、どうせこうなると思っていたわ、ほら、私の中で、惨めにイキなさい=Fufu--, I see, I thought it would be like this anyway, come on, cum inside me, miserably!
ほら、やっぱり貴方の負け。可哀相だから、負け犬射精、中出しさせてあげる=Look, as I expected, you lose. I feel bad for you, so I'll let you cum inside me like the loser you are.
仕方ないわね、これ以上我慢させたら本当に壊れちゃいそうだし、特別にいいわよ=Can't be helped, your dick really might break if you endure any longer, so I'll make an exception, go ahead.
どうぞ、キャンキャン泣きながら、負け犬精子、ドバドバ出しなさい、ンッフフフッ=Go ahead, gush out your loser sperm while wailing and crying, Nnfufufu--
当然ね、貴方の小汚い精子なんか、中に出されたら困るもの=Of course, I'll be troubled if you shot out your filthy sperm inside me!
えぇ、虚空へ向かって情けなく出しなさい=Yes, shoot it all out pathetically while facing the empty sky!
イク寸前まで挿れててあげる、限界まで溜めて、一気に外に出すのよっ=I'll let you keep it in till you're just at your limit, hold on till the very end, then shoot it all out outside in one go--
外ならいいでしょう、射精を許可してあげる、汚したところは自分で綺麗にするのよ=If you're gonna do it outside, then fine, I authorize you to ejaculate, of course, you'll have to clean it up later!
身の程を弁えてるじゃない、そうよ、それでいいのっ、外に出しなさい=Looks like you know your place, that's right, go ahead--, shoot it out outside!
いいわよ、外なら、好きなだけ出しなさい、無駄打ちは得意でしょ=Sure, if you'll do it outside, then shoot out as much as you like, being wasteful is your speciality, isn't it?
そう、貴方は負けたの、外に出すのがお似合いよ、無様に射精しなさい=That's right, you've lost, so shooting it outside suits you, ejaculate pathetically!
フフッ、負けを認めて外に出すのね？　潔いじゃない、そういうところは嫌いじゃないわ=Fufu--, Gonna admit your defeat and do it outside, huh? How manly, I don't hate that part of you, you know.
フフッ、まぁゴムがあるし、中に出すもの許してあげるわ=Fufu--, well, you're wearing a condom anyway, I'll let you cum inside.
貴方の量じゃ、ゴムが破けるなんて事もないでしょう、好きなだけ出しなさい=You can't shoot out enough to break the condom anyway, so whatever, shoot out as much as you like!
はぁ、ゴムがあって良かったわ、貴方の精子が身体に入るなんて、おぞまし過ぎるもの=Haa, thank god we're using a condom, the idea of having your sperm floating around in my body is just way too repulsive!
いいわよ、貴方のくっさい精液、ゴムを孕ませる勢いで、中にぶちまけなさい=Sure, shoot out all of your stinky semen inside me, with enough vigour as if you're trying to make the condom pregnant!
折角付けたゴムだからね、ちゃんと使ってあげなさい=You went through the effort to put on a condom, so make sure to use it well!
フフフッ、ゴムだって貴方に出されるのは嫌かもね=Fufufu--, even the condom might not want to be filled up with your seed!
貴方、もうゴムと結婚したら？　中出しし放題よ？　嬉しいでしょ？=Why don't you marry the condom? You'll be able to cum inside it as much as you want, you know? Doesn't that make you happy?
よかったわねゴムにでも出せて、一応中出しよ？　この私に中出しできるのだから、もっと喜びなさい=Even if you're using a rubber, it still technically counts as doing it inside, isn't it great? You get to cum inside me, so be more happier!
あぁっ、出てるっ、ほんとに、私の中……出されてるっ=Aaah--, it's coming, my insides... are really being filled up--
あぁっ、奥っ、注がれてる、んぅっ、精液、熱いわ……=Aaah--, It's going--, all the way to the back, Nnnn--, Your semen, it's so hot...
あぁっ、遠慮がないわねっ、中出し嬉しいのはわかるけど、どれだけ出すつもりっ=Aaah--, you have no hesitation, do you--, I know it feels good to cum inside but, just how much do you plan to pour in there--
あぁっ、いいっ、中出しアクメ来るっ、ぷりぷり精液で、子宮満たされるっ、あはぁぁっ=Aaah--, So good--, A creampie orgasm's coming--, my womb's filling up--, with your tender semen--, Ahaaaa---
バカみたいな勢いで出し過ぎよ、どれだけ溜め込んでいたのっ=You've let out an idiotic amount, just how bottled up were you--
はぁ、そうね、私に出せるのだから、これくらいの量は出るわよね……んぅぅっ=Haa, of course, you're letting it out inside me, so this amount is par for the course... Nnn---
はぁっ、貴方ごときが私に中出しできるのよっ、もっと奥で、どくどく注いでおきなさいっ=Haaa--, the likes of you is doing it inside someone such as me--, pour it in even deeper--
ほらほら、その程度？　もっと出せるでしょう、金タマの中、子宮に全部注ぎ込みなさいっ=Come on, only that much? you should be able to shoot out more, pour everything inside your balls, into my womb!
あぁ、ゴム膨らんでるっ、貴方のくっさい精液、ゴムに出てるのねっ=Aaah, the condom's swelling up--, you're shooting your stinky semen in the condom, aren't you--
んぁっ、ゴム越しでも射精の勢いわかるわ、どれだけ興奮してるのよっ=Nnahh--, I can feel the vigourous ejaculation even through the condom, just how horny are you--
あはっ、だらしなく射精して、精液と一緒にプライドも吐き捨てるつもり？=Aha--, ejaculating so sloppily, planning to dump out your pride alongside your semen too?
あぁっ、ゴム越しでも生温かいのが伝わってくるわ、フフッ、無駄打ちご苦労様=Aaah--, I can feel the heat even through the condom, Fufu--, Good job on wasting your seed!
はぁぁ、中で射精してるっ……どうなの？　ゴムに出しても、気持ちいいの？=Haa, you're shooting it inside me... How is it? Does it feel good, even through the condom?
そうよ、精一杯出しなさい、ゴム付きとはいえ、私の中で出せるのだからねっ=That's right, shoot out as much as you can, although we're using a condom, you're still doing it inside me--
きちんと溜めていたみたいね、それをゴムに全部無駄打ち、フフッ、最高に気持ちいいでしょう？=Looks like you had quite a lot bottled up, and all of that, wasted into a condom, Fufu--, It feels the best, doesn't it?
すっごい量ね、記念にゴムを持ち帰ったら？　私の残り香を嗅いで、オナニーでもしなさい=What an amazing amount, why not keep the condom as a keepsake? Use my lingering scent on it as masturbation material or something!
一人でイって、しかもゴムに大量射精……プッ、笑うなという方が無理でしょう=Cumming by yourself, and such a huge amount at that, in a condom to boot... Hah, Even if you tell me not to, I can't help but laugh!
フッ、自分で情けないと思わないの？　女を満足させられず、ゴムに出したのよ？=Hah, Don't you think it's pathetic yourself? You shot out in the condom without even satisfying the woman you're with!
ほんと、我慢の出来ないダメチンポね、貴方は一生、ゴムに出してなさい=Truly, what a loser dick with absolutely zero self control, shoot out your load in a condom for the rest of your life!
ほら、出しちゃったんだから、早くゴムを取り替えなさい。どうせまた、すぐに出す事になるんだから=Come on, now that it's out, quickly change out the condom. You're going to hit your limit in no time again anyway
射精すると、小さくなるんでしょ？　ゴムが外れる前に、早く抜きなさい=Once you've blown your load, it becomes small again, right? Quickly take it out, before the condom slips off!
こんな事じゃ、生でしてもダメそうね、刺激が強い分、もっと早くイクんじゃない？=If it's like this, doing it raw would be no good, wouldn't it? Wouldn't you just cum even quicker since the sensation would be stronger?
なんで私、こんな出来損ないのチンポの相手をしたのかしら……はぁ、自己嫌悪ね=Why did I have sex with someone with such a worthless dick... Haa, I fucking hate myself.
はい、おしまい。ん？　何か不満？　まさかそんな雑魚チンポで、もう一度なんて、言わないわよねぇ？=Alright, that's all, you're done. Hmm? Got a complaint? With such a small fry dick of yours, you're not going to ask for a round two, are you?
やっぱり、貴方に生は早かったみたいね、オナニーでもして鍛えてみれば？=As I thought, looks like it was too early to let you do it raw, why not try tempering yourself with masturbation first?
生だからってイクの早過ぎよ、童貞でも、もうちょっと我慢できるんじゃない？=Even if it was raw, didn't you cum way too fast? Even Virgins should be able to hold on for longer, on?
何か言い訳はある？　なければさっさと謝りなさい、一人で先にイって、ごめんないってね=Do you have an excuse? If not, apologize already, "I came early by myself, I'm sorry"
貴方、一人で気持ちよくなる事ばかり考えてるでしょ？　それはね、セックスとは言わないのよ？=You only think about to feel good by yourself, don't you? You can't call that sex, you know?
まぁ、最初から期待はしてきなかったけれど、予想以上に早かったわね=Well, while I didn't have any hope from the start, you came way faster than I expected even then!
折角中出しさせてあげたのに、一人でイクなんて、救いようが無いわね=Even though I finally let you do it inside me, cumming by yourself, you truly cannot be helped.
次は根元を縛り付けておこうかしら、射精もろくに我慢できないんだから、仕方ないわよね=Shall I tie up and constrain your dick at the base next time, you can't endure the urge to cum, so it can't be helped!
こうも情けないチンポだと、少し飽きてきたわね。貴方、そろそろ頑張らないと、本気で捨てるわよ？=With how pathetic your dick is, it makes me just a tad bit tired of it, honestly. If you don't get your act together, I really will discard you, you know?
あのねぇ、女にとって危険日に中出しさせるのは特別なの……それを貴方は、もう……=You know, for women, letting someone do it inside them when it's an unsafe day is very special... And you've gone ahead and...
子供が物心ついたら教えてあげるわ、貴方はお父さんが一人でイった精子だってね=When the kids are grown up enough to understand, I'll tell them, you know, that they're the result of their father climaxing by himself!
はぁ、嫌ね、子供の顔を見る度に、貴方が一人でイった事を思い出すのよ？　憂鬱過ぎるわ=Haa, how unpleasant, everytime I look at our child, I'll remember how you climaxed by yourself, you know? Way too depressing...
フッ、一発も二発も変わらないでしょう。こうなったら私が満足するまで、中出しさせ続けてあげるわ=Hah, whether it's one shot or two, doesn't make a difference in the end. Now that it's come to this, I'll have you keep cumming inside me again and again till I'm satisfied!
子作りの時くらい、一緒にイこうと思わないの？　貴方、男として最低よ=Even when we're trying to have children, you still can't think of cumming together? As a man, you're the worst!
呆れた、こういう時くらい根性を見せなくて、いつ見せるのよ……まったく=I'm fed up, if you won't show your guts at a time like this, when will you... Good grief!
わかった、私が徹底的に鍛え直すわ。貴方みたいな情けない父親じゃ、子供が可哀相よ=I got it, I'll just have to completely retrain you. I'll feel bad for my children if they had a pathetic father like you!
子供より貴方の方が手がかかりそうだわ。何で私、こんなダメチンポに中出しなんて許したのかしら=Rather than the child, looks like you'll end up being more of a handful. Just why did I let someone like you cum inside me?!
あぁっ、出たっ、精液、凄い勢いよ=Aaah--, Here it comes--, Your semen, it's flowing with so much vigour!
んっ、気持ちよさそうに出すじゃない、フフッ=Nn--, Must feel good, you're letting out so much, Fufu--
ほらほら、もっと出せるでしょう？　くっさい精液、出し尽くしちゃいなさいっ=Come on, you should be able to shoot out more, no? Empty out all of your stinky semen--
いいわ、もっと腰をガクガクさせながら、最高にみっともなく射精しなさいっ=Good, have your hips quiver even more, and have the most shameful orgasm--
んぁっ、凄いわね、ちょっと出し過ぎなんじゃないの？=Nnah--, pretty amazing, didn't you shoot out way too much?
思い切り出しなさい、みっともなくよがりながらね=Shoot out with all your strength, while disgracefully feeling the pleasure!
あら、チンポ壊れちゃったんじゃない？　いつまで出し続けるつもり？=Oh my, did your dick break? How long are you planning on squirting it out?
フフッ、どれだけ溜めてきたの？　ゼリーみたいな精子、そんなに射精して、濃くて臭くて、むせそうよ=Fufu--, just how much did you even have in there? You've shot out so much of your jelly-like sperm, it's so thick and smelly, it's almost choking.
この独特の匂い……嗅いでると体が疼くわね=This unique smell... Smelling it makes my body throb.
引くくらい出したわね……全部自分で舐め取りなさい=You shot out so much, I almost wanna pull back... Lick all of it clean yourself.
無駄打ち射精ご苦労様。オナニーと一緒で、やりやすかったでしょ？=Good work on that wasted ejaculation. Was easy like masturbation, no?
精液、きちんと溜めてきて偉いわよ……全部抜き出してあげるから、喜びなさい=Looks like you've acumulated quite a lot of semen, what a good boy... I'll extract all of it for you, so be happy!
その汚れたモノどうにかしたら？　私は綺麗になんてしてあげないわよ=Why don't you deal with that filthy thing of yours? I'm not going to clean it up for you!
精液の匂いも、人によって違うのかしら？　皆、こんなに臭いものなの？=Does the smell of semen differ depending on the person? Does everyone have semen this stinky?
あれだけ出して、まだまだチンポ元気じゃない、これなら何度も楽しめそうね=Your dick's still so lively, even though you came so much just now, seems like I can enjoy this many times over!
あーあ、一生懸命作った精液、また無駄打ちね。誰に作られるか選べない精液達って、可哀相=Aaaaaa, the semen your body worked so hard to produce, wasted yet again. I feel bad for all your sperm, being unable to decide who they're born out of!
射精しても大きいままね、それならまだ楽しめそうかしら=You're still hard even after cumming, if it's like this, I can enjoy it one more time!
こんなに飛ばして、勢いだけはいいのね……貴方らしいわ=Making it fly so far, the only thing you're good for is your vigour... As expected of you, really...
相変わらずドロドロね、こんなの中に入れたら、すぐに孕ませられそうだわ=Syrupy as usual, if you did it inside, you'd make me pregnant for sure!
いつまでチンポびくびくさせてるの？　あぁ、そうね、今が一番敏感なのよね……フフフッ=How long are you going to keep having your dick twitch? Aaah, that's right, it's as sensitive as it can be right now, isn't it... Fufufu--
んぅっ、精液垂れるっ……こんなに出して、調子に乗り過ぎよ=Nnn--, Semen's leaking out--... Letting out so much, you really got carried away!
よく見ておくといいわ、貴方の人生で、そう何度も見れるものではないでしょうからね=You should take a good look, because this isn't a sight you'll get to see that often, not in your whole life.
ほら、貴方が好きなやつよ……マンコから垂れる精液、見たかったんでしょ？=Look, its your favourite part... You wanted to see your semen leaking out of my pussy, no?
ほら、奥までぱっくりよ、私のマンコの中、見ておきなさい、そこが貴方を気持ちよくしてあげたのよ=Hey, it's gaping open, my pussy, all the way to the back, so take a good look. That's the place that made you feel that good, you know?
あぁ、どれだけ出したの？　溢れて止まらないじゃない……=Aaah, Just how much did you shoot out? It won't stop spilling out...
垂れた精液、啜ってもいいわよ？　私の愛液と混ざって、美味しいかも=You can try slurping up some of this dripping out semen, you know? It might be pretty tasty, all mixed with my lovejuices!
んっ、んんっ、頑張って注ぎ込んだ精子、全部吐き出してあげるわ、フフッ=Nn--, Nnn--, The sperm you worked so hard to pour in, I'll push it all out!
さぁ、何て言うのかしら？　中出しありがとうございました、でしょう？　早く言いなさい=Now then, what you're supposed to say here? "Thanks for letting me cum inside", no? Say it, quickly
物足りないわね、もう少ししてあげてもいいわよ？=Still not satisfying enough, I don't mind doing it a bit more, you know?
そう簡単には終わらないわよ、まだまだヤりたりないわ=I won't let this be over so easily, I've still not had enough
大きいチンポみーつけた、んふっ、いただいちゃおうかしら=Found a biiig dick, nfuu--, shall I gobble it up?
私はまだいけるわよ。貴方はどうなの？=I can still go on, how about you?
ちゃんと勃たせておきなさい、私がいつでも挿れられるようにね=Keep that boner up, so that I can take it in at any and all times.
勝手に終わろうとしないで、まだ私は満足してないわよ=Don't end it selfishly, I'm still not satisfied!
はぁっ、いくわよっ=Haa--, Here I come--
んふっ、私の責めに、次はどれくらい耐えられるかしら？=nnfu--, I wonder just how long you'll be able to withstand my torture in the next round?
もう完全に火が点いたわ、私が鎮まるまで、チンポで相手してもらうから=The fire inside me has been completely lit, I'll have your dick keep me company, until I feel satisfied.
さぁっ、まだまだこれからよっ=Come now, we're still not done--
何度でも搾り取ってあげるわ=I'll squeeze you out as many times as you want!
回復力は大したものね。いいわ、またマンコで可愛がってあげる=You've got quite some resilience. Good, I'll tease you with my pussy again!
ゴム、付けなさい。同じ事を何度も言わせないで=Put on a condom. Don't make me repeat the same thing again and again!
そう、ゴムをしないという事は、もう今日は終わりという事でいいのかしら？=I see, if you're not going to put on a condom, then that means you're fine with stopping here for today, right?
そんなにゴムが嫌なら、貞操帯でも付けてあげましょうか？=If you hate using a condom that much, then shall I put a chastity belt on you instead?
また避妊を忘れてるわ、そんなに潰されたいの？=You're forgetting the contraception again, you really want me to crush your dick that much?
いい加減にしなさい、避妊もまともにできないの？=Get your act together, can't you use even a condom properly?
ほら、ゴムは？　物覚えが悪いわね。バカなペットは去勢するわよ？=Hey, what about the condom? Your ability to learn is pretty bad, huh. I castrate any stupid pets of mine, you know?
ゴムをつけないなら、去勢しなきゃいけないわね=If you're not going to put on a condom, then I'll have to get you castrated!
そういう事されると萎えるのよ、自重なさい=If you keep acting like that, I'll lose interest, be less rash!
マンコに挿れて欲しいなら、ゴムくらい自分で付けなさい=If you want to stick it in my pussy, atleast have the thoughtfullness to put the condom on yourself.
そんなに避妊が嫌なら、野良犬とでもしてなさい=If you hate using contraception that much then just be a stray dog instead I guess!
いちいち注意されないとゴムも付けられないの？　雰囲気が台無しよ=If I don't pay attention to every single thing, then will you not put on even something as basic as a condom? You've ruined the mood!
貴方のチンポは繁殖用じゃないでしょ？　避妊はきちんとしなさい=Your dick's not made for breeding, no? Use contraception properly!
じっとしていると、貴方の形がよくわかるわね=If you stand still, I can really feel the form of your shape in me.
ほら、敏感チンポ焦らされると辛いでしょう？　みっともなく泣いちゃいそう？=Hey, isn't it rough when I tease your sensitive cock like this? Feel like crying out pathetically?
少し休ませてあげるわ。フフッ、マンコの中じゃ、休まらないでしょうけど=I'll let you rest for a little bit. Fufu--, though you won't be able to get much of a rest while inside my pussy.
んっ、ゆっくり馴染ませるというのも、悪くないわね=Nn--, slowly mixing together like this, it's not bad either!
ん？　出すなら出してもいいわよ？　馬鹿にしてあげるけど=Nn? It's alright if you wanna cum, you know? I'll make fun of you if you do though!
息が辛そうね？　いいわぁ、貴方の苦しむ声、私好きよ=Hard to breathe, isn't it? It's great, I love your suffering-filled voice.
あら、ギブアップ？　まだ縮んではいないようだけど=Oh my, giving up? Your thing doesn't seem to have gotten any smaller though.
フフッ、とうとう撃ち尽くしたかしら？=Fufu--, are you finally out of juice completely?
あら、抜いた瞬間に射精したら笑ってあげたのに……上手く耐えたわね=Oh, if you came just from taking it out, I'd gotten a good laugh too... You endured it quite well.
無理ならはっきり言いなさい、無駄な時間を過ごすつもりはないわ=If you can't do it, just say it straight, I have no intention of pointlessly wasting my time!
ん？　ふざけているの？　そういうの、何も面白くないわよ=Hmm? Are you screwing around? That's not amusing at all!
アナルでしたくなったの？　優柔不断は嫌いよ=Feel like doing Anal instead? I hate indecisiveness, you know?
ふぅん、いい感じになってきたじゃない=Hmmm, you've gotten better at this.
いいわよ、その調子っ=Good, just like that--
このねっとりした感じ、悪くないわ=This soft and sticky feeling, not bad.
もうほぐれてるわ、強くしても大丈夫よ？=It's pretty loose already, you can use more power, you know?
また大きくなってるわよ？　底なしの性欲ね=It's getting bigger again, you know? Truly a bottomless well of lust!
いい具合よ、マンコ気持ちいいわ=Keep going like that, my pussy feels really good!
はぁっ、中、引き摺り出されそうっ=Haa--, my insides, I feel like they're being pulled out--
最高だわ、もうマンコぐしょぐしょよ=This is the best, my pussy's already soaking wet!
そうよ、何も考えずに、ただ腰を振ってなさい=That's right, don't think about anything, and just move your hips!
さっきより、大きくなってるわよっ=You're bigger than before--
必死に、惨めに腰を振りなさい=Shake your hips miserably, frantically!
そう簡単に射精できないように、マンコの入口を締めてあげるわ=I'll tighten the opening off my pussy around you, so that you can't cum so easily!
無駄に気力が有り余ってるようね=You have a pointlessly excessive amount of vitality saved up!
あぁっ、また奥が疼いてきたわ、この感じがいいのよ=Aaah--, the depths are throbbing again, this feels great!
はぁ、マンコが幸せ感じてるわ、最高よ=Haa, my pussy's feeling so much happiness, it's the best!
まだ萎えさせちゃダメよ？　私は全然、満足してないんだからっ=You can't wither just yet, I'm still not satisfied, not at all--
もう完全に、貴方の形は覚えたわね=I've completely memorized the shape of your thing now.
締め付けを弱める気はないわよ、必死でマンコ突きなさい=I don't plan on lessening the pressure on your dick, so thrust in even more desperately!
こんなに気持ちよくなるなんて、大丈夫なのかしら=Is it really alright for it to feel this good?
もっとよ、必死に腰を振りなさい=More, Shake your hips even more desperately!
あぐっ、マンコいいっ、マンコ気持ちいいわっ=Aguh--, My pussy feels good--, My pussy feels so gooood---
んくっ、頭痺れて、ボーっとしてきたわ=nnkuh--, my head's going blank, I feel so dizzy...
少し、本気を出してあげるわっ=I'll get a bit serious--
あひゅっ、こう何度もされると、こっちも敏感になってくるわね=Ahyuh--, if we do this so many times, even I'll become more sensitive, won't I?
フフッ、またイキそうになってるわね？=Fufu--, you're on the edge again, aren't you?
声まで不細工になってきたわね、もうイクの？　またイクんでしょ？=Even your voice has become ugly now, gonna come? gonna cum again, aren't you?
射精したい時は何て言うのかしら？　ほら、答えなさい=What must you say when you want to shoot your load? Come on, answer me!
堪え性がないわね、それじゃ女を満足させられないわよ？=You have no endurance, you won't be able to satisfy any woman like that, you know?
精液出したい？　だらしない声漏らして、またイキたいの？=Wanna blow out your semen? Let me hear your loose voice, you want to cum again?
またイキそうになってるわね？　汚い白濁ザーメン、どれだけ出したら気が済むの？=Hitting your limit again, aren't you? How much of your turbid, filthy semen do you need to shoot out before you're satisfied?
射精したそうね、そうなったら、もう長くはもたないでしょう？=Looks like you want to cum, in that case, you won't be able to hold on for much longer, will you?
はぁぁ、イキそうなチンポ苛めるの最高だわ、もっと楽しませなさい=Haa, teasing your edging cock is so fun, it's the best, amuse me even more!
イってもいいわよ？　フフッ、どうせ我慢なんてできないのだからっ=You can cum if you want, you know? Fufu--, not like you can endure it anyway--
ほら、無様にお願いしなさい、射精したいですって……ね？=Come on, beg me, pathetically, "I want to cum, please"... Come on
また声が女の子みたいになってるわよ？　気持ち悪いからやめなさい=Your voice is turning girly again, you know? It's disgusting so cut it out!
またイクの？　少しは我慢強くなってもらいたいのだけど、まぁ、貴方には無理ね=Gonna cum again? Would be nice if I could get you to endure for just a little bit more, but well, I suppose that's impossible for you...
イキなさい、またイクのよっ=Cum, cum again for me--
連続射精チャレンジ、イってみましょうか=Shall we have a challenge, a consecutive ejaculation challenge!
薄くなった精液吐き出しなさいっ、一滴も残す事は許さないわっ=Spit out all your thinned out semen for me--, you're not allowed to hold back even a drop--
イケ、イクのよっ、貴方の限界なんて知らないわ=Cum, you gotta cum--, I don't care whether you're at your limit or not!
ほら、誰がイカせてくれるのか、よく覚えながらイキなさいっ=Come on, cum, cum while imprinting into your mind just who is it that's making you cum--
また射精するのね、ホント我慢弱い、ダメチンポなんだからっ=Gonna cum again huh, truly such weak endurance, you've got such a bad dick--
いいわよ、出しなさい、外に撒き散らすといいわ=Sure, let it out, you can spread it everywhere outside!
早めに抜きなさい、敏感チンポじゃ、簡単にイってしまうわよ=Pull it out early, with your sensitive dick, you'll cum very easily afterall!
早く外へ射精なさい、無様に滑稽に何度でも=Quickly shoot it outside, do it as many times as you want, as unsightly and comically as you can!
溜まった汚いもの、全部吐き出しなさいっ=Your bottled up filthy stuff, shoot it out all--
フフッ、また情けなく射精するとこ、見せてちょうだい=Fufu--, show me the sight of your pathetic ejaculation once again!
ホント、どれだけ出すのよ、貴方って底なしなの？=Just how much are you going to shoot out, do you have a bottomless supply of the stuff?
貴方のイク前って、ゴム付けててもわかりやすいわね=It's easy to tell when you're about to cum, even with the condom!
ゴムに感謝ね、こんなに何度も、出される事になるなんて=You're grateful to the condoms, aren't you, being able to blow your load into them this many times!
ゴムの蓄えは十分よ、好きなだけ出しなさい=We have a plentiful supply of condoms, so shoot as much as you like!
また中に出す気ね？　ゴムがなければ、大変な事になってたわ=Feel like doing it inside again, huh? Would have been quite the bother if we weren't using a condom.
ほら、ゴムなら何度出してもいいわよ=Come on, as long as we use a condom, you can do it as many times as you like!
ゴムの感触も悪くないわ、貴方の汚いモノよりマシよ=The condom's texture is not bad either, certainly better compared to your own filthy thing!
ゴム付きでも私の中に出せるのよ、感謝しながらイキなさいっ=You're still doing it in me, even if we're using a condom, so be thankful while you cum!
いいわよ、一番奥に思い切り押し付けて、大量ザーメン吐き出しなさい=Sure, go ahead, push it in all the way to the back like you mean it, and shoot out lots of your semen!
さんざん出して、まだこんなに出るのっ=You've shot out a lot already, yet you're still shooting out so much--
あら、まだ濃いじゃない、これは次も期待できるかしらっ=Oh my, It's still pretty thick, can I hope for it to be this thick next time too--
自分の精液を上書きする気分はどう？　さぞ心地よいのでしょうね=How does it feel to pour fresher stuff in? I bet it feels super pleasant, right?
熱いの出てるわっ、かなり興奮したみたいねっ=You're shooting pretty hot stuff--, looks like you got quite a bit aroused--
かなり溜めてきたみたいね、何度出しても、ぷりぷりじゃない=Looks like you had quite a lot bottled up, no matter how many times you shoot the stuff, it's still just as tender and thick!
あぁっ、何度も出されて、子宮が溢れそうだわっ=Aaah--, you've poured your stuff into it so many times, my womb feels like it's about to overflow!
勢いが衰えないわね、ゴムの膨らみ方が凄いわっ=You don't seem to be running out of vitality, the way the condom's fluffed up is amazing--
このゴムの先が膨らむ感じ、悪くないわよねっ=The feeling of the tip of the condom expanding into me, It's not bad.
チンポ脈打ってるのわかるわよ、ゴム越しでも、わかるわっ=I can feel your dick pulsating, even through the condom, I can tell--
また凄い量ね、ゴムに出すのが気に入った？=Such an amazing amount again, do you like shooting it out into the condom?
また節操なく出して……ゴムが足りなくなりそうよ=Shooting out so much unashamedly again... Feels like the condom won't be enough.
あぁ、こう何度もゴムに出されると、生でしたくなってくるわね=Aaah, shooting out so much into the condom again and again, makes you wanna do it raw, doesn’t it?
何回もゴムに出して、楽しいの？=Is it fun, to shoot it in the condom again and again?
なんか変な痙攣の仕方してるわよ？　無理はいいけど、無茶はやめておきなさい=It's twitching in a really weird way, you know? I don't mind if you force yourself but stop being rash!
もういいかしら？　貴方だけ勝手にイっているから、飽きてきたわ=Have you had your fill yet? Since you're just doing it by yourself now, I've gotten really bored!
ゴムにでも、出せるだけありがたいと思いなさい=Even if you're using a condom, be thankful that you get to do it inside me at all!
女に好き放題されて、ゴムに出すなんて……滑稽よね=Being played around with by a woman, and then shooting your stuff in a condom... Truly laughable.
同じ事を何回やっても無駄よ、負け犬チンポなんだから=No matter how many times you do the same thing, it's useless, a shitty dick is a shitty dick!
大分薄くなったんじゃない？　そろそろやめ時かしら=Hasn't it become rather thin and watery? Maybe we should wrap this up?
まさか血の混じった精液なんて出してないわよね？　限界は自分で判断しなさい=You're not going to shoot out semen mixed with blood, are you? Judge your own limits yourself!
まだ大きさは保ってるみたいだけど、できるの？　できないの？=It's still pretty big and hard but, can you do it? can you?
貴方は中出しできて満足かもしれないけれど、私の疼きはどうしてくれるの？=You might be satisfied being able to cum inside me, but what are you going to do about my pain and agony?
もう体に力が入らないでしょ？　この状態で苛めるの、楽しいのよねぇ=Can't find strength in your body, can you? It's fun, isn't it, to bully someone while in such a state?
いいわよね、マンコに吐き出すだけで気持ちよくなれて、こっちはイケなくて気持ち悪いわ=It's pretty great, isn't it, being able to feel so good from cumming inside me, I myself feel like shit since I wasn't able to cum!
出す時、子宮の入口に擦り付けたでしょ？　どこまで必死なのかしら=When you were cumming, you rubbed against the entrance of my womb, didn't you? Just how desperate are you?
後で精子は掻き出しておくわ、こんなに弱いオスの子なんて、産みたくないもの=I'll scrape out all the sperm later, I don't want to have the kids of a pig this weak!
何故勝手にイクの？　ここまでダメだと、怒る気も失せるわね=Why did you cum all by yourself? You're so worthless, I don't even feel like getting angry at this point!
もういいでしょ？　こんな弱々しい精子じゃ、何度出しても無駄よ=Haven't you had enough yet? With semen this weak, no matter how many times you shoot it out, it's pointless!
期待外れもいいところね、一人でイクなんて、信じられないわ=You sure picked the perfect place to let me down, cumming by yourself, I seriously can't believe you!
子作りの時くらい、しっかりして欲しいものね、がっかりだわ=I wanted you to do this properly, atleast when we were making babies, what a disappointment!
んあっ、まだこんなに出るの？　本当に壊れても知らないわよ？=nnahh--, You're still shooting out so much? If it really does end up breaking, don't blame me, okay?
少し薄くなったみたいだけど、臭さは相変わらずね=Feels like it became a bit more watery than before, but it smells just as bad as before!
そらそらイキなさいっ、潮吹きみたいに射精しなさいっ=Cum all sparklingly--, Squirt it out like a girl--
んぅっ、もう辺り一帯、精液の匂いがこもってるわ=Nnuuu--, the smell of semen, it's spreading everywhere!
射精見せられると、無性に苛めたくなるのよね=When I see you ejaculate, I get an almost irressistable urge to torment and tease you!
ぢゅる、チンポ美味しそうね……次はしゃぶらせなさいよ……ね？=*Jyuru*, Your dick looks so delicious... Let's do oral next... alright?
んぅっ、くっさい、精液の匂いで、むせそうだわ……えほっ=Nnnn--, stinky, I feel like I'll choke, on the smell of your semen... eho--
もうチンポ痛くなってるんじゃないの？　んぅ？=Doesn't your dick hurt yet? Hmm?
射精した後のチンポが一番苛め甲斐があるのよ……私が奉仕してあげるわ、フフッ=It really is worth teasing your post-ejaculation dick... I'll service it for you, Fufu--
ちょっと出し過ぎじゃない？　先っぽが真っ赤になってるわよ？=Haven't you shot a bit too much? The tip's turning deep red, you know.
大変ね、チンポが赤く腫れてるわ、舐めて治してあげましょうか？=Not good, your dick's swollen red, shall I lick and heal it?
流石にもう無理そうかしら？　後は私に任せてもいいのよ？=Is it really too hard for you to go on? You can leave the rest to me, you know?
あぁっ、また垂れて……んぅっ=Aaah--, It's oozing out again... Nn--.
はいっ、貴方が出したものよ、よく見ておきなさい=Look, this is what you shot out, take a good look!
指ですくって舐めてもいいわよ？　勿体ないでしょう？=Doesn't it feel like such a waste? You can scoop some with your fingers and lick it up if you want.
んっ、入って来ながら大きくなって……んぅっ、私の中、拡げてるわっ……=Nn--, getting even bigger while you're thrusting into me... Nnn--, My insides, they're spreading apart--...
んぅっ、チンポ、奥まで飲み込んでいるわ=Nnnu--, Your cock, It's going so deep, all the way to the back!
んぅっ、もう情けない声をあげて……このまま出すなんてこと、しないわよね？=Nnn--, you're letting out such pathetic moans... You're not going to cum like this already, are you?
